Department of Protein Evolution, Max-Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Spemannstr 35, 72076 Tuebingen, Germany.
Department of Computational Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, PA 15232, USA.
University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.
Department of Bioinformatic Engineering, Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, Osaka University, 2-1 Yamadaoka, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.
Department of Computer Science and Department of Biology, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM 87131, USA.
Department of Physics, Chemistry, and Biology, Linköping University, SE-581 83 Linköping, Sweden. janhe@ifm.liu.se
Umeå Centre for Molecular Pathogenesis, UCMP, and Centre for Chemical Biology, KBC, Umeå University, SE-901 87 Umeå, Sweden.
EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB101SD, UK. kim@ebi.ac.uk
Robert H. Smith Institute of Plant Sciences and Genetics in Agriculture, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Rehovot, Israel. ashkenaz@agri.huji.ac.il
Department of Pharmacology, University of Colorado at Denver, MS 8303, RC-1 South, 12801 East 17th Avenue, L18-6400A, PO Box 6511, Aurora, CO 80045, USA. mike.bada@uchsc.edu
Institue of Enzymology, BRC, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, H-1113 Karolina út 29, Budapest, Hungary. tusi@enzim.hu
Division of Mathematical Sciences, SPMS, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Department of Microbiology and Integrated Research Center for Genome Polymorphism, College of Medicine, The Catholic University of Korea, Seoul 137-701, Korea.
National Centre for Biomolecular Research and Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Kotlárská 2, 611 37 Brno, Czech Republic.
Bioinformatics Unit, Branch of Research Resources, National Institute on Aging, NIH, Baltimore, MD 21224, USA.
Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Station 14, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland. abhishek.garg@epfl.ch
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University, 622 W 168th St, VC5, New York, NY10032, USA. fan@dbmi.columbia.edu
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, Virginia, USA. pengh@janelia.hhmi.org
Division for Simulation of Biological Systems, ZBIT/WSI, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany. blum@informatik.uni-tuebingen.de
Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Utah, UT, USA. ryan.abo@hsc.utah.edu
The Computational Biology and Machine Learning Lab, School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada. shatkay@cs.queensu.ca
European Bioinformatics Institute, EMBL-EBI, Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, UK.
Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK. ioanna.tachmazidou@imperial.ac.uk
Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA 95051, USA. robert_kincaid@agilent.com
Freiburg Center for Data Analysis and Modeling, Freiburg University, Freiburg, Germany. maiwald@fdm.uni-freiburg.de

German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Im Neuenheimer Feld 580, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany. h.froehlich@dkfz-heidelberg.de
Department of Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, Harvard Medical School, 250 Longwood Avenue, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Mines ParisTech, Centre for Computational Biology, 35 rue Saint Honoré, F-77305 Fontainebleau, Institut Curie and INSERM, U900, F-75248, Paris, France. laurent.jacob@ensmp.fr
Machine Learning Group, Department of Computer Science, Institut Jules Bordet, Université Libre de Bruxelles, Brussels, Belgium. bhaibeka@ulb.ac.be
Department of Biochemistry, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA. bromberg@rostlab.org
Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany. jasmina@mpi-inf.mpg.de
Department of Plant Science, McGill University, Ste-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec, Canada.
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, MIT, Cambridge, USA.
MRC Centre for Protein Engineering, Cambridge, UK. tony@mrc-lmb.cam.ac.uk
Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Campus E1.4, 66123 Saarbrücken, Germany.
Departamento de Bioquímica, Universidade de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil.
School of Computer Science, The University of Manchester, Manchester, UK. yoshimasa.tsuruoka@manchester.ac.uk
Program of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50010, USA.
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.
Department of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science and Department of Bioengineering, University of California, Berkeley, USA. sriram_s@cs.berkeley.edu
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, Columbia University, 630 West 168th Street, New York, NY 10032, USA. dariusz@mit.edu
German Cancer Research Center, Im Neuenheimer Feld 580, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany. h.froehlich@dkfz-heidelberg.de
Department of Computer Science, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK. martin.madera@gmail.com
Columbia University Center for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA. ts2186@columbia.edu
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, CB10 1SA and European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SD, UK. artemis@sanger.ac.uk
UCLA-DOE Institute for Genomics & Proteomics, Molecular Biology Institute, Box 951570, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
SNP Research Center, RIKEN, 1-7-22 Suehiro, Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.
Department of Public Health Sciences, University of Toronto, Toronto M5T3M7, Canada.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, California, USA.
Department of Statistics, University of Nebraska Lincoln, Lincoln, NE 68526, USA.
Department of Statistics, University of California at Berkeley, 367 Evans Hall #3860, Berkeley, CA 94720-3860, USA. epurdom@stat.berkeley.edu
CIML/Biophysics, University of Regensburg, D-93040 Regensburg, Germany.
Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer Agency, Suite 100 570 West 7th Avenue, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. afejes@bcgsc.ca
The J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD 20850, USA. jgoll@jcvi.org
Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany.
State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing 210096, P. R. China.
Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver and School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
Immune Tolerance Network, University of California - San Francisco, San Francisco, CA 94143, USA. aasare@immunetolerance.org
Scottish Crop Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee, UK. iain.milne@scri.ac.uk
Institute for Bioinformatics and Systems Biology (MIPS), Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health (GmbH), Ingolstädter Landstrasse 1, D-85764 Neuherberg, Germany. brigitte.waegele@helmholtz-muenchen.de
NEC Laboratories of America, Princeton, NJ, USA. iain@nec-labs.com
Neurobiologie et Diversité Cellulaire, CNRS UMR7637, Ecole Supérieure de Physique et de Chimie Industrielles, 10 rue Vauquelin, 75005 Paris, France.
Center for Molecular Medicine and Genetics and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, School of Medicine, Wayne State University, 540 East Canfield, Detroit, MI 48201, USA.
EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK. tfrayner@gmail.com
School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Laboratory for Human Genetics, Nancy Medical Faculty, Vandoeuvre-les-Nancy, France.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK. agb@sanger.ac.uk
Laboratory for Pharmaceutical Biotechnology, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA. sjcarbon@berkeleybop.org
Department of Computer Science, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06511, USA.
Institute of Informatics, University of Warsaw, Poland.
Department of Medical Informatics, Niigata University Medical and Dental Hospital, Niigata, Japan. nktmr@m12.alpha-net.ne.jp
Lehrstuhl für Bioinformatik, Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena, Jena, Germany.
Social, Genetic & Developmental Psychiatry Centre, Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London, London, UK. snpmap@iop.kcl.ac.uk
Department of Statistics, Oxford, UK.
Department of Computer Science, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan. yusuke@is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp
EMBL European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK. audrey@ebi.ac.uk
Department of Biomedical Engineering and High-Throughput Biology Center, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD, USA.
Center for Molecular and Biomolecular Informatics, Nijmegen Center for Molecular Life Sciences, Radboud University Medical Centre, P.O. Box 9101, 6500 HB Nijmegen, The Netherlands. J.Bayjanov@cmbi.ru.nl
Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada V5A 1S6.
Department of Biological and Environmental Sciences, and Institute of Biotechnology, P.O.Box 56 (Viikinkaari 5), 00014 University of Helsinki, Finland. liisa.holm@helsinki.fi
Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, Roosevelt Drive, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK. tota@well.ox.ac.uk
School of Biology, Georgia Institute of Technology, 310 Ferst Dr., Atlanta, GA 30332-0230, USA.
Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Imperial College, St Mary's Campus, Norfolk Place, London W2 1PG, UK. j.cornuet@imperial.ac.uk
Institute for Cellular and Molecular Biology, University of Texas, Austin, TX 78712, USA.
Genetics Branch, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20892, USA.
Center for Genome Dynamics, The Jackson Laboratory, Bar Harbor, ME 04609, USA.
Intelligent Systems Laboratory and Advanced Database Research and Modelling, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Middelheimlaan 1, B-2020 Antwerpen, Belgium.
Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry CV47AL, UK. b.f.finkenstadt@warwick.ac.uk
Interdisciplinary Program in Insect Science, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA. jeffrey.oliver@yale.edu
National Institute of Informatics, ROIS, PRESTO, Japan. collier@nii.ac.jp
Mayo Clinic, 13400 East Shea Boulevard, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA. bordner.andrew@mayo.edu
Department of Statistics, Institute for Computational and Mathematical Engineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
The J. Craig Venter Institute, 9712 Medical Center Drive, Rockville MD 20850, USA. jmiller@jcvi.org
Bioinformatics Group, Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Georges-Koehler-Allee 106, Freiburg D-79110, Germany. IntaRNA@informatik.uni-freiburg.de
Cancer Research UK, Cambridge Research Institute, Li Ka Shing Centre, Robinson Way, Cambridge CB20RE, UK.
Experimental Cancer Genetics, The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambs CB101HH, UK.
Renaissance Computing Institute, 100 Europa Drive, Chapel Hill, NC 27519, USA. jeff@renci.org
Department of Environmental Sciences & Engineering, Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.
Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Ihnestrasse 73, 14195 Berlin. roider@molgen.mpg.de
Department of Environmental Sciences and Engineering, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27599, USA.
Laboratoire de Chimie et Biologie Structurales, ICSN-CNRS, Gif-sur-Yvette, France.
Department of Medicine, Division of Oncology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Clark Center W300, 318 Campus Drive, Stanford, CA 94305-5440, USA.
Institut Municipal d'Investigació Mèdica, Universitat Pompeu Fabra and Parc de Recerca Biomedica de Barcelona, Carrer del Doctor Aiguader 88, 08003, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. charles.chapple@crg.es
Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, D-28334 Bremen, Germany. theodore@math.uni-bremen.de
Department of Pharmacology and Systems Therapeutics, Systems Biology Center in New York, Icahn Medical Institute, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, 1425 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10029, USA.
Centre for Molecular Oncology and Imaging, Institute of Cancer & CR-UK Clinical Centre, Barts & The London School of Medicine (QMUL), Charterhouse Square, London EC1M 6BQ, UK. claude.chelala@cancer.org.uk
Laboratoire Interactions Plantes Micro-organismes (LIPM) UMR441/2594, INRA/CNRS, F-31320 Castanet Tolosan, France.
Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79016 Freiburg, Germany. cpsp@informatik.uni-freiburg.de
Systems Biology Group, Max Planck Institute for Dynamics of Complex Technical Systems, 39106 Magdeburg, Germany. mirschel@mpi-magdeburg.mpg.de
Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, 1400 Pressler street, Unit 1410, Houston, TX 77030, USA. lzhangli@mdanderson.org
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, Virginia, VA, USA. pengh@janelia.hhmi.org
Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.
UMR 5086 CNRS-Université Lyon 1, 7 passage du Vercors, 69367 Lyon Cedex 07, France.
Bioinformatics Group, Institute for Animal Health, Compton, RG20 7NN, UK. xikun.wu@bbsrc.ac.uk
Department of Natural Science, Kalmar University, Kalmar, Sweden. tpommier@univ-montp2.fr
Bioinformatics Program, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA. juhur@umich.edu
The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, 1G Royal Parade, Parkville, Victoria 3050, Australia.
Bioinformatics Research Center, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798. jyli@ntu.edu.sg
Department of Mathematical Sciences, University of Göteborg, SE-412 96 Göteborg, Sweden. peterg@chalmers.se
Ottawa Institute of Systems Biology, Department of Biochemistry, Microbiology, and Immunology, University of Ottawa, 451 Smyth Road, Ottawa, Ontario, ON K1H 8M5, Canada. dbickel@uottawa.ca
Department of Human Genetics, National Center for Integrative Biomedical Informatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA. dstates@umich.edu
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Center for Biomembrane Research, Stockholm University, Sweden, USA. lukas.kall@cbr.su.se
Department of Statistics, Life Sciences Division, University of California, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, USA. hb@stat.berkeley.edu
Centre d'Immunologie de Marseille-Luminy, CNRS, UMR6102, Inserm, U631, Université de la Méditerranée and Inserm, U928, TAGC, Marseille, France.
Data Mining Department, Institute for Infocomm Research, South Tower, Singapore.
Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics, Tübingen, Germany.
Structural and Computational Biology Unit, EMBL Meyerhofstrasse 1, Heidelberg, . pavlopou@embl.de
Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.
Genomics Department, Biological Defense Research Directorate, Naval Medical Research Center, Rockville, MD, USA.
Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA. hchang@lbl.gov
School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Shanghai, PR China. runqingyang@sjtu.edu.cn
Department of Molecular Genetics, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.
INSERM, AVENIR Team, Integrative Cancer Immunology, U872, Paris, France.
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. kelm@stats.ox.ac.uk
EMBL, European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK. bourgon@ebi.ac.uk
Institute of Information Sciences, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.
International NRW Graduate School in Bioinformatics and Genome Research, Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany. rhomann@techfak.uni-bielefeld.de
Bioinformatics Program, Taiwan International Graduate Program, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.
New York State Department of Health, Center for Bioinformatics, Wadsworth Center, Albany, NY 12208-3425, USA. leen@cs.rpi.edu
School of Life Sciences Research, College of Life Sciences, University of Dundee, Dow Street, Dundee DD1 5EH, UK.
Vertebrate Genomics-Bioinformatics Group, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Ihnestrasse 63-73, 14195 Berlin, Germany. hache@molgen.mpg.de
Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA. cole@cs.umd.edu
Gen*NY*Sis Center for Excellence in Cancer Genomics, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, University at Albany, One Discovery Drive, Rensselaer, NY 12144, USA. ikuznetsov@albany.edu
Center for Biotechnology and Genomic Medicine, Medical College of Georgia, Augusta, GA, USA.
Department of Oncology, Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21287, USA. jtleek@jhu.edu
Department of Computer Science, Rice University, 6100 Main Street, MS 132, Houston, TX, USA. troy.ruths@rice.edu
Division of Infectious Diseases, Department of Medicine, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA. robjgiff@gmail.com
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, 35 Olden Street, Princeton, NJ 08540, USA.
Centre for Bioinformatics, Division of Molecular Biosciences, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK. paul.kirk@imperial.ac.uk
Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Campus E 1.4, 66123 Saarbrücken, Germany.
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX 75390-9050, USA.
Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK.
European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Hinxton, CB10 1SD, UK. sanders@fs.tum.de
HHMI Janelia Farm Research Campus, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA. kolbed@janelia.hhmi.org
California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology, University of California, La Jolla, San Diego, California, USA.
Center for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Department of Electrical Engineering, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027, USA.
Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Program in Structural and Computational Biology and Molecular, Baylor College of Medicine, One Baylor Plaza, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Plant Pathology, SCRI, Invergowrie, Dundee, UK. peter.cock@scri.ac.uk
Division of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Institute of Population Health Sciences, National Health Research Institutes, Miaoli County 350, Taipei, Taiwan.
Division of Molecular Genome Analysis, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 580, Heidelberg, Germany. j.zhang@dkfz-heidelberg.de
Department of Computer Sciences, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics Tübingen (ZBIT), University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany. andreas.draeger@uni-tuebingen.de
Systems Biology Research Centre, School of Life Sciences, University of Skövde, Skövde, Sweden. angelica.lindlof@his.se
Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.
Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA. mschatz@umiacs.umd.edu
Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, University of Tartu, Tartu, Estonia.
European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton, UK. trieschn@ewi.utwente.nl
Computer Science Department, Bioinformatics for High-Throughput Technologies at the Chair of Algorithm Engineering, TU Dortmund, Dortmund, Germany. tobias.marschall@tu-dortmund.de
National Center for Biotechnology Information, NLM, NIH, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Department of Biology, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, 7 Cambridge Center, MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent University, Gent, Belgium.
School of Computer Science, Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
The Biomedical Informatics Center, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, USA.
Institute of Medical Biometry and Medical Informatics, University Medical Center Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany. stschulz@uni-freiburg.de
Center for Computational Pharmacology, University of Colorado Denver, Aurora, CO 80045, USA. karin.verspoor@ucdenver.edu
Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, 35 rue Saint-Honoré, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, INSERM, U900, Paris, France.
International Computer Science Institute, Computer Science Division, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.
Department of Biomolecular Engineering, University of California, Santa Cruz, CA 95064, USA. firas@u.washington.edu
Mathematical Sciences Department, IBM TJ Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA. aclozano@us.ibm.com
INRIA Paris-Rocquencourt, 78153 Le Chesnay Cedex, France.
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, Qld, Australia. j.hawkins@imb.uq.edu.au
Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708-0129, USA. xinguo@cs.duke.edu
Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.
Department of Computer Science, Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research and Banting and Best, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. izharw@cs.toronto.edu
Department of Computer Science, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada. sshah@bccrc.ca
Department of Biostatistics & Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, USA. aasmith@cs.wisc.edu
Department of Biological and Computer Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA. jacobmj@cmu.edu
Division of Applied Mathematics, Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.
Department of Plant Sciences, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel. shira.mintz@weizmann.ac.il
Cavendish Laboratory, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. os252@cam.ac.uk
Institute for Systems Biology, Seattle, WA, USA. tknijnenburg@systemsbiology.org
Lab for Computational Biology, School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.
Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland. abhishek.garg@epfl.ch
Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Helsinki University of Technology, Finland. jose.caldas@tkk.fi
Department of Computer Science and Applied Mathematics, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel.
Center for Bioinformatics ZBIT, Tübingen University, Tübingen, Germany. huson@informatik.uni-tuebingen.de
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, USA. sssykim@cs.cmu.edu
Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences and Graduate University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China. fanliya@ict.ac.cn
San Diego Supercomputer Center, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA. lxie@sdsc.edu
Department of Mathematics and Gonda Brain Research Center, Bar Ilan University, Ramat Gan, Israel.
Center of Informatics, Federal University of Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil. igcf@cin.ufpe.br
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Kyoto, Japan.
Computer Science Department, Technion-Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel. dang@cs.technion.ac.il
David R.Cheriton School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON, Canada.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
Computer Science Division and Department of Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.
Mizuho Information & Research Institute, Inc, Tokyo, Japan. hamada-michiaki@aist.go.jp
Computer Science Division and Department of Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Zoology, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. to252@cam.ac.uk
CECAM, Lyon, France.
Department of Computer Science, Institute of Molecular Systems Biology, ETH Zurich, Competence Center for Systems Physiology and Metabolic Diseases, Zurich, Switzerland. manfredc@inf.ethz.ch

University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.



Department of Health and Human Services, National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Université de Lyon, F-69000, France. mdvbraga@gmail.com
Laboratory of Control and Systems Biology, Department of Electrical Engineering, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu, Taiwan, ROC. bschen@ee.nthu.edu.tw
College of Life Sciences, Center for Bioinformatics, National Laboratory of Protein Engineering and Plant Genetic Engineering, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China. hekun78@gmail.com
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK.
Department of Computer Science, Ben-Gurion University, Beer Sheva, Israel 84105. dotna@cs.bgu.ac.il
Program in Computational Biology, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA 98102, USA. mflawren@fhcrc.org
Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, School of Pharmacy-Worcester, Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences, Worcester, MA 01608-1715, USA. george.acquaah-mensah@mcphs.edu
LRI, UMR CNRS 8623, UMR CNRS 8621, Université Paris-Sud 11, F91405 Orsay cedex, France. ponty@lri.fr
Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.
CEA, DSV, IG, Genoscope, UMR 8030, Evry F-91057, France.
Center for Molecular Medicine, Karolinska Institute, Stockholm, Sweden. lasse.folkersen@ki.se
Department of Computer Science, University of Tokyo Hongo 7-3-1, Tokyo 113-0033, Japan. kano@is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Department of Biochemistry, University of Cambridge, Old Addenbrooke's Site, Cambridge CB2 1GA, UK. semin@cryst.bioc.cam.ac.uk
Structural Biology and Biocomputing Programme, Spanish National Cancer Center (CNIO), Madrid 28029, Spain. rueda.om@gmail.com
Structural and Computational Biology Unit, EMBL Meyerhofstrasse 1, Heidelberg, Germany. pavlopou@embl.de
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Bio Systems Analysis Group, Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Ernst-Abbe-Platz 2, D-07743 Jena, Germany. dittrich@minet.uni-jena.de
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA. fongj@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK. sa4@sanger.ac.uk
Comparative Genomics Group, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation, 88 08003 Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Computational Biology, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Kashiwa City, Chiba 277-0882, Japan.
Seattle Biomedical Research Institute, Seattle, WA 98109, USA.
Machine learning group, IBM Research Laboratory in Haifa, Israel. rosen@il.ibm.com
School of Information Technologies, The University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia. joshua@it.usyd.edu.au
Center for Biotechnology and Informatics, The Methodist Hospital Research Institute, and Department of Radiology, The Methodist Hospital, Weill Cornell Medical College, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
ARC Centre of Excellence in Bioinformatics and Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4072, Australia.
Computer and Information Science and Engineering, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611, USA. juliu@cise.ufl.edu
Department of Biology, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
School of Information Science and Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China.
Laboratory for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL), EPFL-IIS-LCBB, INJ 230, Station 14, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX 77005, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany. filho@molgen.mpg.de
Department of Biological Sciences, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027, USA.
Information and Communication Theory Group, Department of Mediamatics, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, Mekelweg 4, 2628 CD Delft, The Netherlands. t.a.knijnenburg@tudelft.nl
Department of Computer Science, Aberystwyth University, Penglais, Aberystwyth, SY23 3DB, Wales, UK. lss@aber.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science, Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, UK. kcm1@hw.ac.uk
Institute of Medical Biometry and Medical Informatics, University Medical Center Freiburg, Stefan-Meier-Str. 26, 79104 Freiburg, Germany. stschulz@uni-freiburg.de
Institut de Génétique et Microbiologie, Université Paris-Sud XI, 91405 Orsay Cedex, France.
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, 35 Olden Street, Princeton, NJ 08540, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, Biocenter, University of Würzburg, Am Hubland, 97074 Würzburg, Germany.
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan. Yoshihiro.Yamanishi@ensmp.fr
School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Ramat Aviv, Israel.
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ont. N2L 3G1, Canada. scli@uwaterloo.ca
Department of Biology, University of Bologna, via Irnerio 42, 40126 Bologna, Italy.
Department of Computer Science, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH 03755, USA.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel. fromer@cs.huji.ac.il
Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA.
Fraunhofer Institute FIRST, Department IDA, Kekulèstr. 7, 12489 Berlin, Germany. Soeren.Sonnenburg@first.fraunhofer.de
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, 9052 Gent, Belgium.
Lab for Computational Biology, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Washington University, Saint Louis, MO 63130, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3G4, Canada. seunghak@cs.toronto.edu
Computer Science Department, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA. chuongdo@cs.stanford.edu
Artificial Intelligence Center, SRI International, Menlo Park, CA, USA. tomlee@ai.sri.com
Fraunhofer Institute Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Department of Bioinformatics, Schloss Birlinghoven, 53574 Sankt Augustin, Germany. roman.klinger@scai.fraunhofer.de
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and School of Information, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. chunnan@iis.sinica.edu.tw
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA. bandeira@ucsd.edu
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA. ycao@cs.ucr.edu
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697-3435, USA. pfbaldi@ics.uci.edu
Institut Curie, Centre de Recherche, INSERM, U900, Paris, F-75248 France. franck.rapaport@curie.fr
Department of Computer Sciences, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA. mcilwain@cs.wisc.edu
Wits Bioinformatics, University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, Private Bag 3, 2050 Wits, South Africa. scott.hazelhurst@wits.ac.za

Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Computing Applications and Research Department/Chemistry, Materials, Earth and Life Sciences Department, Microbial Systems Biology Group, Livermore, CA 94550, USA. makio323@gmail.com
Department of Computer Science, Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08540, USA.
Max-Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Deutscher Platz 6, 04103 Leipzig, Germany. pruefer@eva.mpg.de
Department of Computer Science and Operations Research, University of Montréal, Montréal, Québec, Canada. csuros@iro.umontreal.ca
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of the Balearic Islands, E-07122 Palma de Mallorca, Spain. gabriel.cardona@uib.es
UPMC Univ Paris 06, Atelier de BioInformatique, F75005 Paris, France. annela@abi.snv.jussieu.fr
Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics, Carl Icahn Laboratory, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08540, USA.


Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, and Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, University of Leipzig, Härtelstrasse 16-18, D-04107 Leipzig, Germany. markus@bioinf.uni-leipzig.de
Bioinformatics Group, Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Georges-Koehler-Allee 106, Freiburg, D-79110, Germany.
Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Ihnestr. 73 and Mathematics and Computer Science, Free University of Berlin, Takustr. 9, 14195 Berlin, Germany. utz.pape@molgen.mpg.de
Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research, Data Inspection Group, Corrensstrasse 3, 06466 Gatersleben, Germany. seifert@ipk-gatersleben.de
Friedrich Miescher Laboratory of the Max Planck Society, and Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany. sebi@tuebingen.mpg.de
School of Computer Science, The University of Manchester, UK. steve.pettifer@manchester.ac.uk
Genome Informatics, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK. kh2@sanger.ac.uk
National Magnetic Resonance Facility at Madison and Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA. whlee@nmrfam.wisc.edu
Biomedical Engineering Program, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX 75390-9050, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02141, USA.
Institut für Informatik, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Amalienstrasse 17, 80333 München, Germany. caroline.friedel@bio.ifi.lmu.de
EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK. audrey@ebi.ac.uk
Genome Evolution Laboratory, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 425G Henry Mall Suite 4400V, Madison, WI 53706, USA. rissman@wisc.edu
School of Biological Sciences, University of Liverpool, Crown St, Liverpool L69 7ZB, UK. drigden@liverpool.ac.uk
Spielberg Family Center for Applied Proteomics, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, USA. darren@proteowizard.org
School of Health Information Sciences, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, 7000 Fannin St, Suite 600, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, Brisbane, Qld. 4072, Australia.
Center for Computational Medicine and Biology, Department of Human Genetics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48109, USA. szpiechz@umich.edu
Harvard University Graduate Biophysics Program, Harvard Medical School, 250 Longwood Avenue, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Institute for Genome Sciences and Policy, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA, USA. anoop.kumar@tufts.edu
Integrative Biosciences, Oregon Health and Science University, 611 SW Campus Drive, Portland, OR 97239, USA. hazelett@ohsu.edu
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4072, Australia. d.bauer@uq.edu.au
Department of Biostatistics, Roswell Park Cancer, Buffalo, NY, USA. dlgold@buffalo.edu
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA. mieszko@csail.mit.edu
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Manchester Centre for Integrative Systems Biology, Manchester Interdisciplinary Biocentre, University of Manchester, Manchester M1 7DN, UK. neil.swainston@manchester.ac.uk
Department of Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, California, USA. hb@stat.berkeley.edu
Department of Experimental Oncology, European Institute of Oncology, IFOM-IEO Campus, Via Adamello 16, 20139 Milan, Italy.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK. nava.whiteford@nanoporetech.com
INRA, Mathématique Informatique et Génome UR1077, 78350 Jouy-en-Josas, France. pierre.nicolas@jouy.inra.fr
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK. mm6@sanger.ac.uk
CSIRO Mathematical and Information Sciences, North Ryde, NSW, Australia. lauren.bragg@csiro.au
The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambs, UK. ql2@sanger.ac.uk
Center for Biomolecular Science & Engineering, University of California, Santa Cruz, CA 95064, USA.
Department of Mental Health, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, MD 21205, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Houston, Houston, TX, USA.
James Hogg iCAPTURE Center, University of British Columbia (UBC), Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Mines ParisTech, Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, France. kevbleakley@gmail.com
Human and Molecular Genetics Center, Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.
GN7 of the National Institute for Bioinformatics and Biocomputing Unit of the National Centre for Biotechnology, Darwin 3, Campus de Cantoblanco, 28049 Madrid, Spain. natalia@cnb.csic.es
Biocomputing Group, Leibniz Institute for Age Research-Fritz Lipmann Institute, Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Beutenbergstr. 11, Jena, Germany. maikfr@fli-leibniz.de
Center for Computational Systems Biology SymBioSys, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium. katrijn.vandeun@psy.kuleuven.be
Program in Computational Biology, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA. mtmorgan@fhcrc.org
Centre For Genomic Regulation, Pompeus Fabre University, Carrer del Doctor Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain.
Microsoft Research, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, USA. bongshin@microsoft.com
Queensland Centre for Medical Genomics, Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, St. Lucia 4072, Australia. n.cloonan@imb.uq.edu.au
Biotechnology Center, TU Dresden, Dresden, Germany. Mathieu.clement-ziza@biotec.tu-dresden.de
Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, 1G Royal Parade, Parkville Victoria 3052, Australia. mritchie@wehi.edu.au
Department of Plant Sciences, University of California, Davis, CA 95616, USA. jlwegrzyn@ucdavis.edu
Bioinformatics and Computational Life-Sciences Laboratory, ITTC, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Kansas, 1520 West 15th Street, Lawrence, KS 66045, USA.
Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, University of Southern California, 1050 Childs Way, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2910, USA.
Division for Simulation of Biological Systems, WSI/ZBIT, University of Tübingen, Sand 14, D-72076 Tübingen, Germany. feldhahn@informatik.uni-tuebingen.de
Leibniz-Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK) Gatersleben and Institute of Computer Science, Martin-Luther-University Halle-Wittenberg, Germany. grafahr@ipk-gatersleben.de
Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Concordia University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Department of Internal Medicine, Erasmus MC, Dr. Molewaterplein 50, 3015GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands.
Institute of Enzymology, Biological Research Center, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, PO Box 7, H-1518 Budapest, Hungary. zsuzsa@enzim.hu
Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, 4-6-1 Shirokane-dai, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8639, Japan. kinosita@hgc.jp
Institute for Computer Graphics and Vision, Graz University of Technology, Inffeldgasse 16 and Institute of Pathology, Medical University Graz, Auenbruggerplatz 25, 8010 Graz, Austria. caleydo@icg.tugraz.at
Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, North Carolina Research Campus, 600 Laureate Way, Kannapolis, NC 28081, USA.
European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB101SD, UK. support@simbioms.org
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, The Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine and Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. jg10@sanger.ac.uk
Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, Cold Spring Harbor, NY 11724, USA. kclark@cshl.edu
Department of Computer Sciences, 1 University Station C0500, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA.
School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China 100084.
Groupe Logiciels et Banques de Données, Institut Pasteur, 28, rue du Dr Roux, 75724 Paris Cedex, France. mobyle-support@pasteur.fr
The Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, Mekelweg 4, 2628 CD Delft, The Netherlands.
Centre for Integrated Systems Biology of Ageing and Nutrition, Newcastle University and School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK. a.l.lister@ncl.ac.uk
National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20852, USA. luzh@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB101SD, UK. dbinns@ebi.ac.uk
School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA, USA.
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX 75390-9050, USA.
Computational Biology, Graduate School of Humanities and Sciences, Center for Informational Biology, Ochanomizu University, 2-1-1 Otsuka, Bunkyo, Tokyo 112-8610, Japan. yura.kei@ocha.ac.jp
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, OX1 3TG, UK. ali@stats.ox.ac.uk
TAGC-U928 Inserm, Faculté des Sciences, Université de la Méditerranée, Campus de Luminy Case 928, Marseille, France. carl.herrmann@univmed.fr
Department of Plant Sciences, University of Oxford, South Parks Rd, Oxford OX1 3RB, UK. dmitry.filatov@plants.ox.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science and Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland. janne.h.korhonen@helsinki.fi
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Dalhousie University, Sir Charles Tupper Medical Building, Halifax NS B3H 1X5, Canada. cblouin@cs.dal.ca
Department of Mathematics, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal. vera@ua.pt
Children's Hospital Informatics Program at the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology, Center of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA. victor.jin@osumc.edu
Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada. gerald.quon@utoronto.ca
Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Building E.1.1, Saarbrücken, Germany. ack@bioinf.uni-sb.de
Department of Statistics, University of Wisconsin - Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.
EMBL Outstation European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK. k.ye@lumc.nl
Institute for Molecular Biosciences and ARC Centre of Excellence in Bioinformatics,The University of Queensland, Brisbane QLD 4072, Australia. k.lecao@uq.edu.au
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Mattenstrasse 26, 4058 Basel, Switzerland. moritz.gerstung@bsse.ethz.ch
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji 611-0011, Japan. kayano@kuicr.kyoto-u.ac.jp
Omics Science Center, Riken Yokohama Institute, 1-7-22 Suehiro-cho, Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama 230-0045, Japan. timolassmann@gmail.com
Center for Biomedical Computing, University of Verona, Strada le Grazie, 15 -37134 Verona, Italy. giovanni.scardoni@gmail.com
Center for Molecular and Biomolecular Informatics, Nijmegen Center for Molecular Life Sciences, Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Center, Geert Grooteplein 28, 6525 GA, Nijmegen, The Netherlands, Germany. dutilh@cmbi.ru.nl
Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
EMBL European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK.
Department of Human Genetics, University of Chicago, 920 E. 58th St., CLSC 507, Chicago, IL 60637, USA. jdegner@uchicago.edu
IRISA-INRIA, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes cedex, France. croussea@irisa.fr; jnicolas@irisa.fr
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics, University of Hamburg, Bundesstrasse 43, 20146 Hamburg, Germany. beckstette@zbh.uni-hamburg.de
Japan Biological Information Research Center, Japan Biological Informatics Consortium, Aomi 2-42, Koto-ku, Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.
Division of Signaling Biology, Ontario Cancer Institute and University Health Network, Toronto, ON.
DAMA, Data Mining for Analysis of Microarrays, Department of Morphology and Embryology, University of Ferrara, Italy. s.volinia@unife.it
Ontario Cancer Institute, UHN, 101 College Street, Toronto, Ontario M5G1L7, Canada. yniu@uhnres.utoronto.ca
Department of Genome Sciences and Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA. troyz@u.washington.edu
Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, Freiburg D-79110, Germany.
RIKEN Omics Science Center, RIKEN Yokohama Institute 1-7-22 Suehiro-cho, Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan. arner@gsc.riken.jp
Pennsylvania State University, Center for Comparative Genomics and Bioinformatics, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802, USA.
Cancer Program, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, 384 Victoria Street, Darlinghurst, NSW 2010, Australia. mrobinson@wehi.edu.au
National Center for Biotechnology Information, NLM/NIH, Bethesda, MD, USA. zhengj@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
Office of Public Health Genomics, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA 30345, USA. wby0@cdc.gov
Division of Molecular Biosciences, Imperial College London, Wolfson Building, SW72AZ London, UK. ttoni@imperial.ac.uk
Center for Combinatorics, LPMC-TJKLC, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, PR China.
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Colorado at Boulder, Boulder, CO, USA.
Computational Mathematics, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Richland, WA 99352, USA.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Case Western Reserve University Cleveland, OH, USA.
Department of Biostatistics, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, USA.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.

Department of Computational Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.
Genetics Programme, Scottish Crop Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee, DD2 5DA, UK.
Department of Statistics at University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Department of Energy Joint Genome Institute (DOE-JGI), Genome Biology Program, 2800 Mitchell Drive, Walnut Creek, CA 94598, USA. sean.d.hooper@genpat.uu.se
Department of Pathology, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA. ksalari@stanford.edu
Department of Molecular Physiology, Center for Human Genetics Research, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA.
Institute of Statistical Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei 115, Taiwan and Institute of Biomedical Engineering, National Taiwan University, Taipei 106, Taiwan.
Seoul National University Biomedical Informatics (SNUBI), Seoul National University College of Medicine, Seoul 110-799, Korea.
Genome Informatics, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany. peter.husemann@cebitec.uni-bielefeld.de
Department of Computer Sciences, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53706, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, CB10 1HH, UK.
Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6T 1Z4, Canada.
Department of Genetics, Department of Community and Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA. jason.h.moore@dartmouth.edu
Department of Immunology, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington 98195, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Genome Campus, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK.
National Centre for Text Mining, School of Computer Science, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK. xinglong.wang@manchester.ac.uk
California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
The Gade Institute, Section for Microbiology and Immunology, University of Bergen, Norway.
Computer Science Division, University of California, Berkeley, USA.
Department of Genetics, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK. artemis@sanger.ac.uk
Laboratório de Genômica Funcional e Bioinformática, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. otto@fiocruz.br
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, Center for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics (C2B2), Columbia University, 1130 St Nicholas Ave., New York, NY 10032, USA. schaefer@rostlab.org
Practical Computer Science, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, D-33615 Bielefeld, Germany.
Department of Biochemistry, The George S. Wise Faculty of Life Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Ramat Aviv 69978, Israel.
Department of Computer Science, University of Bristol, Woodland Road, Bristol BS8 1UB, UK.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, UK. matias.piipari@gmail.com
Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics , Centre Médical Universitaire, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland. anais.mottaz@isb-sib.ch
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, University of Virginia School of Medicine, Charlottesville, VA 22908, USA. aaronquinlan@gmail.com
Department of Molecular Oncology Breast Cancer Research Program, British Columbia Cancer Research Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge, UK. gregoire.pau@ebi.ac.uk
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, Brisbane QLD 4072, Australia.
Center for Computational Immunology, Computational Biology and Bioinformatics Program, Duke University, Durham, NC 27705, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, Genentech, Inc., 1 DNA Way, South San Francisco, CA, USA. twu@gene.com
Department of Computer Science, Informatics Institute and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK. rebholz@ebi.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science & Engineering and Department of Botany & Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.
Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Department of Molecular Genetics, Ghent University, Technologiepark 927, B-9052 Gent, Belgium. jehol@psb.vib-ugent.be
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Institute for Advanced Computer Studies and Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland College Park, College Park, MD 20742, USA.
Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics and Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.
Dyogen Group, Institut de Biologie de l'Ecole Normale Supérieure (IBENS), Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique UMR8197, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale U1024, 75005 Paris, France.
Department of Computer Sciences, Bar-Ilan University, Ramat-Gan 52900, Israel.
RIKEN Research Center for Allergy and Immunology, 1-7-22 Suehiro-cho, Tsurumi, Yokohama 230-0045, Japan. yshira@riken.jp
Technology and Development Unit for Knowledge Base of Mouse Phenotype, RIKEN BioResource Center, Tsukuba 305-0074, Japan.
Department of Medicine, University of Miami, 1120 NW 14th St, Suite 611, Miami, FL 33136, USA. jclarke@med.miami.edu
Microarray Informatics Team, EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire CB10 1SD, UK. malone@ebi.ac.uk
National Institute of Chemistry, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Radboud University Medical Centre, Nijmegen Center for Molecular Life Sciences, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Laboratoire de Bioinformatique des Génomes et des Réseaux (BiGRe), Université Libre de Bruxelles, Bruxelles, Belgium. kfaust@ulb.ac.be
ARC Centre of Excellence in Bioinformatics, Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia. k.lecao@uq.edu.au
Key Laboratory for Cell Biology and Tumor Cell Engineering, the Ministry of Education of China, School of Life Sciences, Fujian, P R China.
Division for Simulation of Biological Systems, Universität Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany. briese@informatik.uni-tuebingen.de
WPI Immunology Frontier Research Center (IFReC), Osaka University, Suita, Osaka, Japan. standley@ifrec.osaka-u.ac.jp
INRA, UMR 0320 / UMR 8120 Génétique Végétale, Gif-sur-Yvette, France.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, USA. josh.denny@vanderbilt.edu
Department of Plant and Microbial Biology, UC Berkeley and Physical Biosciences Division, LBNL, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA. dzhi@compbio.berkeley.edu
Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan. okazaki@chokkan.org
School of Computer Science, Nottingham University, Nottingham, UK.
Department of Biochemistry, George S. Wise Faculty of Life Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Ramat Aviv 69978, Israel.
Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.
The Systems Biology Institute, Tokyo, Japan.
Division of Translational Research, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, 5323 Harry Hines Boulevard, Dallas, TX 75290-9185, USA. merrami@collin.edu
Vital-IT Group, Molecular Modeling Group, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
School of Chemistry and Manchester Interdisciplinary Biocentre, University of Manchester, 131 Princess Street, Manchester M1 7DN, UK. alice.villeger@manchester.ac.uk
Center for Biotechnology and Genomic Medicine, School of Medicine, Medical College of Georgia, Augusta, GA 30912, USA.
Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, PO Box 355065, Seattle, WA 98195-5065, USA.
Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. jorvis@users.sourceforge.net
Sysdiag CNRS Bio-Rad UMR 3145, Cap delta/Parc euromédecine, 1682 rue de la Valsière CS 61003, 34184 Montpellier Cedex 4, France. sabine.peres@sysdiag.cnrs.fr
Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA. mwilkers@med.unc.edu
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon Unversity, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA. matthew.holford@yale.edu
Aalto University School of Science and Technology, Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Espoo, Finland. ilkka.huopaniemi@tkk.fi
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.
Mines ParisTech, Centre for Computational Biology, 35 rue Saint-Honore, F-77305 Fontainebleau Cedex, Institut Curie, F-75248, INSERM U900, F-75248, Paris, France. yoshihiro.yamanishi@ensmp.fr
Department of Computer Science, National University of Singapore, Singapore 117417, Singapore. chiangts@comp.nus.edu.sg
Department of Computer Science, University of Central Arkansas, Conway, AR 72035, USA. skockara@uca.edu
Ting Tsung and Wei Fong Chao Center for Bioinformatics Research and Imaging in Neurosciences, The Methodist Hospital Research Institute, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Department of Information Technology, University of Turku, Turku, Finland. jari.bjorne@utu.fi
Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA.
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, UC Santa Cruz, CA, USA.
The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel. kerenyiz@post.tau.ac.il
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA. varid@cs.toronto.edu
Institute of Computing Technology and Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.
Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA. xiang@cs.unc.edu
Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA.
Biotechnology Center, Technische Universität Dresden, 01062 Dresden, Germany. thomas.waechter@biotec.tu-dresden.de
Division of Bioinformatics, State Key Laboratory of Plant Physiology and Biochemistry, College of Biological Sciences, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.
Max-Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany. jaensch@mpi-cbg.de
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
Toyota Technological Institute, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.
NIH Center for Biomedical Computation, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA. mitul@cs.stanford.edu
Université Montpellier 2, CC064, Place Eugène Bataillon, 34 095 Montpellier Cedex 05, France. vincent.ranwez@univ-montp2.fr
School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 91904, Israel.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA. ywu@engr.uconn.edu
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA, USA. anoop.kumar@tufts.edu
Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, ON, Canada. yoseph@psi.utoronto.ca
Program in Molecular and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Canterbury, Private Bag 4800, Christchurch, New Zealand. l.j.j.v.iersel@gmail.com
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, SC 29425, USA.
Technion-Israel Institute of Technology, Computer Science Department Haifa, 32000 Israel. sberco@gmail.com
The Exelixis Lab (I12), Department of Computer Science, Technische Universität München, Boltzmannstr. 3, D-85748, Garching b. München, Germany. stamatak@cs.tum.edu
Department of Botany and Plant Pathology and Center for Genome Research and Biocomputing, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR 97331, USA.
Department of Biochemistry, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, 5323 Harry Hines Boulevard, Dallas, TX 75390, USA. kim@chop.swmed.edu
CNR, Istituto di Informatica e Telematica, Via Moruzzi 1, 56124 Pisa, Italy. marco.pellegrini@iit.cnr.it
Systems Biology Centre, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, UK.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, 2628 CD Delft, The Netherlands.
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA. pengh@janelia.hhmi.org
Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh PA 15213, USA. tolliver@cs.cmu.edu
Scripps Genomic Medicine, Scripps Translational Science Institute, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA. vbansal@scripps.edu
Department of Computer Science, University of California Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA. danhe@cs.ucla.edu
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK. js18@sanger.ac.uk
Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique, Université Paris-Sud XI, bât. 490, 91405 Orsay cedex, France.
Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.
Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan. brian@monrovian.com
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.
Institute of Bioinformatics, Johannes Kepler University, Linz, Austria. hochreit@bioinf.jku.at
Department of Binformatics, Stowers Institute for Medical Research, Kansas City, MO 64110, USA. dmk@stowers.org
Department of Computational Biology, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, 5-1-5 Kashiwanoha, Kashiwa, Chiba 277-8568, Japan. kasahara@cb.k.u-tokyo.ac.jp
School of Physics, University of Osnabrück, D-49069 Osnabrück, Germany.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.



Science for Life Laboratory, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, SE-100 44 Stockholm, Sweden. henrik.stranneheim@biotech.kth.se
Bioinformatics Group, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, Am Mühlenberg 1, D-14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany. schudoma@mpimp-golm.mpg.de
Institute of Structural and Molecular Biology, Crystallography, Department of Biological Sciences, Birkbeck College, University of London, London, UK. reda.rawi@uni-due.de
Department of Genetic Medicine and Development, University of Geneva Medical School, 1 rue Michel-Servet, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland. thomas.junier@unige.ch
Epigenetics Laboratory, Cancer Program, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, 384 Victoria Street, Darlinghurst, NSW 2010, Australia.
Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada.
Laboratorio de Bioinformática Molecular, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Alameda 340, Santiago, Chile.
Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max-Planck-Institute of Biochemistry, Am Klopferspitz 18, D-82152 Martinsried, Germany.
Center for Computational Pharmacology, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO, USA. chris.roeder@ucdenver.edu
Department of Computer Science and Center for Cellular and Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, Canada. smostafavi@cs.toronto.edu
Department of Biological Chemistry & Molecular Pharmacology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK. jkb@sanger.ac.uk
Parasite Genomics, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK. tdo@sanger.ac.uk
National Center for Biotechnology Information, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
James Hogg iCAPTURE Center, University of British Columbia (UBC), Vancouver, BC, Canada V6Z1Y6.
Centre for Bioinformatics, Division of Molecular Biosciences, Imperial College London, London, UK.
Huck Institute for the Life Sciences, Penn State University, University Park, PA 16803, USA.
Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Molecular and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. andrewds@usc.edu
Computational Biology Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Tokyo, Japan. kazutaka.katoh@aist.go.jp
School of Biology, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.
National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center, 110 Thomas Johnson Drive, Frederick, MD 21702, USA.
INSERM U900, Institut Curie, Paris, France. svdetect@curie.fr
Equipe BAMBOO, INRIA Grenoble Rhône-Alpes et Laboratoire de Biométrie et Biologie Evolutive (UMR 5558) CNRS, Université Lyon 1, Villeurbanne, France.
Centre For Genomic Regulation (Pompeu Fabra University), Carrer del Doctor Aiguader 88, Barcelona, Spain.
Research Laboratories of Bayer Schering Pharma AG, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602, USA.
Architecture et Réactivité de l'ARN, Université de Strasbourg, Institut de Biologie Moléculaire et Cellulaire du CNRS, Strasbourg, France. f.jossinet@ibmc-cnrs.unistra.fr
Department of Mathematics, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. gregory.ewing@univie.ac.at
Department of Protein Evolution, Max-Planck-Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.
European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK. wm2@ebi.ac.uk
Department of Biostatistics, University of Michigan, 1420 Washington Heights, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48109, USA.
Division of Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery, College of LifeSciences, University of Dundee, Dow Street, Dundee DD1 5EH, UK. d.m.a.martin@dundee.ac.uk
Max Planck Institute for Dynamics of Complex Technical Systems, Magdeburg Centre for SystemsBiology, Sandtorstrasse 1, Germany. klamt@mpi-magdeburg.mpg.de
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Japan. timhancock@kuicr.kyoto-u.ac.jp
Center for Biomolecular Science and Engineering, School of Engineering, University of California, Santa Cruz (UCSC), Santa Cruz, CA 95064, USA.
Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University Kiel, Schittenhelmstrasse 12, 24105 Kiel, Germany. m.wittig@mucosa.de
Department of Cancer Research and Molecular Medicine, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Trondheim, Norway. kjetil.klepper@ntnu.no
Division of Biostatistics & Bioinformatics, Institute of Population Health Sciences, National Health Research Institutes, Zhunan, Miaoli County 350, Taiwan, ROC.
The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, 1G Royal Parade, Parkville, Victoria, Australia.
Institute for Systems Biology, 1441 North 34th Street, Seattle, WA 98103, USA. aderem@systemsbiology.org
Heart + Lung Institute at St. Paul's Hospital, Vancouver, BC, Canada. edward.kawas@gmail.com
Max-Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, University of Postdam, Potsdam, Germany.
Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, MI 49546, USA.
Department of Molecular Genome Analysis, German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg, Germany. c.bender@dkfz.de
Institut für Informatik, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, München, Germany.
School of Computer Science, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK. teresa.k.attwood@manchester.ac.uk
Istituto di Informatica e Telemetica, CNR, Pisa, Italy. filippo.geraci@iit.cnr.it
Department of Informatics, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, München, Germany. csaba@bio.ifi.lmu.de
Bergen Center for Computational Science and Department of Informatics, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.
Disease and Translational Informatics, Hoffmann-La Roche, Nutley, NJ 07110, USA. luis.tari@roche.com
Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel.
Department of Molecular Evolution, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden. lionel.guy@ebc.uu.se
EPI Contraintes, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et Automatique, INRIA Paris-Rocquencourt, France.
Department of Mediamatics, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands. j.f.nijkamp@tudelft.nl
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, Canada.
Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Department, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
Department of Biological Sciences, University of Maryland Baltimore County, Baltimore, MD 21250, USA. miledywgonzalez@gmail.com
SysDiag UMR 3145 CNRS/Bio-Rad, Modélisation et ingénierie de systèmes complexes biologiques pour le diagnostic, Cap Delta/Parc Euromédecine, Montpellier, France. stephanie.rialle@sysdiag.cnrs.fr
Bergen Center for Computational Science, Uni Research, Bergen, Norway. matus.kalas@bccs.uib.no
School of Nano-Biotechnology and Chemical Engineering, Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Republic of Korea. dougnam@unist.ac.kr
Electrical Engineering Department, Sao Carlos School of Engineering, University of Sao Paulo, Sao Carlos, Sao Paulo, Brazil.
The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research, North Shore LIJ Health System, NY, USA. anphuocnhu.vo@mavs.uta.edu
Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA. clkahn@cs.brown.edu
Computational Bioscience Research Center, Division of Chemical and Life Sciences and Engineering, King Abdullah University for Science and Technology (KAUST), Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. kalokagathos.agon@gmail.com
Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. s.abhilash@samsung.com
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Texas, Arlington, TX, USA.
INRIA Paris-Rocquencourt, Le Chesnay, France. gregory.batt@inria.fr
Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK) Gatersleben, Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg, Halle, Germany.
Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent University, Gent, Belgium.
Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent University, Gent, Belgium.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. tiago@stats.ox.ac.uk
Molecular Biotechnology Center, Biology and Biochemistry, University of Torino, Torino, Italy. rosario.piro@unito.it
Institute of Marine Research, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway. susanne.balzer@imr.no
Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, Wien, Austria. choener@tbi.univie.ac.at



The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, Tokyo, Japan. yoshidar@ism.ac.jp
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto, Japan. ykato@kuicr.kyoto-u.ac.jp
NEC Labs America, Princeton, NJ 08540, USA. qyj@cs.cmu.edu
Department of Statistics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan 48109, USA. shojaie@umich.edu
The European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK.
Department of Statistics and Operation Research, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. gmaci@csse.unimelb.edu.au
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada.
Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.
Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Saarbrücken, Germany.
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA. pengh@janelia.hhmi.org
College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.
Department of Biochemistry, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of the Balearic Islands, Palma, Spain. jairo@uib.es
Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Wageningen University and Research Centre, PO Box 569, 6700 AN Wageningen, The Netherlands.
Department of Bio and Brain Engineering, KAIST 373-1 Guseong-dong, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon 305-701, Republic of Korea.
EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK. julia.fischer@ebi.ac.uk
Computational Systems Biology Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and Institute of Bioinformatics, University of Georgia, BioEnergy Science Center, GA, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1HH, UK.
Thermo Fisher Scientific, 2650 Crescent Drive, Lafayette, CO 80026, USA.
Department of Biochemistry, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305-5307, USA. rshankar@stanford.edu
Department of Computer Science, The University of Tokyo Hongo 7-3-1, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo, 113-0033 Japan. kano@is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Computational Biology Group, Institute of Infectious Disease and Molecular Medicine, University of Cape Town, Centre for High Performance Computing, Rosebank, Cape Town, South Africa. darrenpatrickmartin@gmail.com
Department of Signal Processing, Tampere University of Technology, Finland. timo.p.erkkila@tut.fi
Interdisciplinary Centre for Bioinformatics, University of Leipzig, Germany. hoehme@izbi.uni-leipzig.de
The J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD 20850, USA.
School of Biology, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.
School of Life Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 200092, P R China.
Department of Genome Informatics, Genome Information Research Center, Research Institute for Microbial Diseases, Osaka University, Japan.
University of California Davis, CA, Genome Center, USA.
School of Biological and Chemical Sciences, Queen Mary, University of London, Mile End Road, London E1 4NS, UK.
Biozentrum, Universität Basel, Basel, Switzerland.
Univ-Rennes 1/IRISA, IRISA - Symbiose Campus universitaire de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France. guillaume.rizk@irisa.fr
Structural Genomics Consortium, University of Oxford, Headington, Oxford OX37DQ, UK.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Centre for Molecular and Biomolecular Informatics, Nijmegen Centre for Molecular Life Sciences, Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. i.sama@cmbi.ru.nl
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Bioinformatics and genomics group, Center for Genomic Regulation and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. marco.mariotti@crg.es
GSFS, University of Tokyo, 5-1-5 Kashiwahoha, Kashiwa, Chiba, Japan. kato-tsuyoshi@k.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Department of Vertebrate Genomics, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Ihnestrasse 63-73, Berlin, Germany.
John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics and the Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation Department of Human Genetics, Miller School of Medicine, University of Miami, Miami, Florida, USA. emartin1@med.miami.edu
Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, F-75248 Paris, INSERM U900, F-75248 Paris, France. joern.toedling@curie.fr
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Eindhoven University of Technology, Eindhoven, The Netherlands. m.a.westenberg@tue.nl
Department of Biochemistry, LKS Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, 21 Sassoon Rd, Pokfulam, Hong Kong SAR, China.
Department of Biochemical Sciences, Sapienza University of Rome, P.le A. Moro, 5-00185 Rome, Italy.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Institutes of Health, 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Structural Studies Division, MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Cambridge CB2 1TP, UK.
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, 1 South Parks Road, Oxford OX1 3TG, UK. kelm@stats.ox.ac.uk
Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, The Donnelly Centre, University of Toronto, 160 College Street, Toronto, ON, M5S 3E1, Canada.
Department of Biological Statistics and Computational Biology, 102 Weill Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA. mhw6@cornell.edu
Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA. eoghanh@stanford.edu
Program of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology and Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Geome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK.
European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK. rh497@cam.ac.uk
Genetics Programme, Scottish Crop Research Institute, Invergowrie, Dundee, UK.
National Microbiology Laboratory-Public Health Agency of Canada, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Institut de Pharmacologie Moléculaire et Cellulaire, UMR6097, 06560 Sophia-Antipolis, Nice, France.
Bioinformatics Program, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. sugang@umich.edu
Bioinformatics Program, National Center for Integrative Biomedical Informatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. sugang@umich.edu
Centre for Conservation and Ecology, University of Exeter in Cornwall, Penryn, UK. alexie@butterflybase.org
San Diego Supercomputer Center, University of California San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, Mailcode 0505 La Jolla, CA 92093-0505, USA. andreas@sdsc.edu
Signals, Identification, System Theory and Automation, Department of Electrical Engineering, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven-Heverlee, Belgium. shiyu@uchicago.edu
Bioinformatics and Genomics Department, Centro de Investigaciones Príncipe Felipe, Valencia, Spain.
Arthritis Research UK Epidemiology Unit, Manchester Academic Health Science Centre, The University of Manchester, Manchester, UK. paul.martin-2@manchester.ac.uk
Omics Science Center, Riken Yokohama Institute, Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama, Japan. timolassmann@gmail.com
Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Utah School of Medicine, UT, USA. ryan.abo@hsc.utah.edu
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA, USA. gailr@ece.drexel.edu
School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Aix-Marseille Université, CNRS, IRD, UMR 6116-IMEP, Equipe Evolution, Génome et Environnement, Marseille, France. emese.meglecz@univ-provence.fr
Department of Molecular Biology, Faculty of Science, Nijmegen Centre for Molecular Life Sciences, Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. s.vanheeringen@ncmls.ru.nl
Department of Chemical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
VerdAscend Sciences, West Linn, OR 97068, USA.
Radboud University Nijmegen, Institute for Computing and Information Sciences, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. gori@cs.ru.nl
Departamento Lenguajes y Sistemas Informáticos, Universidad de Sevilla, Seville, Spain. inepomuceno@us.es
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA. lukas.habegger@yale.edu
Institut Curie, INSERM, U900, Paris, France. freec@curie.fr
Biometric Research Branch, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD 20892-7434, USA.
Center for non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg C, Denmark.
Center for non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, IBHV, University of Copenhagen, Grønnegårdsvej 3, DK-1870 Frederiksberg, Denmark.
Hong Kong Bioinformatics Centre, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin NT, Hong Kong SAR.
Department of Applied Mathematics, College of Science, China Agricultural University, Beijing, 100083, China.
Department of Biological and Biomedical Sciences, Interdepartmental Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University School of Medicine, 310 Cedar Street, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.
Biozentrum, University of Basel, Switzerland.
Center for Biomembrane Research, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Swedish e-Science Research Centre, Stockholm Bioinformatics Centre, SciLifeLab, Stockholm University SE-10691 Stockholm, Sweden.
Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA. angiuoli@cs.umd.edu
Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43221, USA.
Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA. msmoot@ucsd.edu
Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA.

Computational Biology Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Japan.
Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Imperial College London, UK. l.bottolo@imperial.ac.uk
Department of Biophysics, Institute of Neuroscience, Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences, 200031 Shanghai, China.
Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SD, UK. gostev@ebi.ac.uk
The University of Queensland, Queensland, Australia.
UMR CNRS 7138 Systématique, Adaptation, Evolution, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle, Paris, France. klaus.kschliep@snv.jussieu.fr
Department of Oncology, University of Cambridge, Li Ka Shing Centre, Cambridge, UK. jonathan.cairns@cancer.org.uk
INSERM U915, IRT-UN, University of Nantes, France.
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.
Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA. vwalter@email.unc.edu
Department of Medical and Molecular Genetics, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA. troyhawk@iupui.edu
Department of Biology, University of Southern California, University Park, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
EMBL Outstation-Hinxton, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge, UK. angela.goncalves@ebi.ac.uk
Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Imperial College London, London, UK.
Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.
Department of Biotechnology, University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, Austria.
Wellcome Trust/CRUK Gurdon Institute, Cambridge CB2 1QN, UK. thomas@biodalliance.org
Institute for Medical and Human Genetics, Berlin.
Department of Computer Science, Computational Science Research Center, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92182, USA. rschmied@sciences.sdsu.edu
Cancer Research UK Cambridge Research Institute, Cambridge CB2 0RE, UK.
Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA. mt153@hms.harvard.edu
Molecular and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
INRA Toulouse, Castanet Tolosan, France. matthieu.vignes@toulouse.inra.fr
Molecular Structure & Function program, Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON, Canada.
Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry and Molecular Biosciences, University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4072, Australia.
Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China. aihuang@tsinghua.edu.cn
Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK. maximilianh@gmail.com
Institute for Microbiology, Technische Universität Braunschweig, Braunschweig, Germany.
School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK.
Institute of Statistical Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan. gshieh@stat.sinica.edu.tw
Parco Tecnologico Padano, Lodi, Italy.
Department of Biophysical Chemistry, Groningen Biomolecular Sciences and Biotechnology Institute, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands. k.tamiola@rug.nl
Bioinformatics and Genomics Department, Centro de Investigaciones Príncipe Felipe (CIPF), Valencia, Spain. sgoetz@cipf.es
The Norwegian Marine Data Centre, Institute of Marine Research, Bergen, Norway. ketil.malde@imr.no
Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.
Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique, CNRS UMR 8623, Université Paris-Sud, F-91405 Orsay Cedex, France.
Department of Biostatistics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA. jess@jimmy.harvard.edu
Department of Computational Biology, The University of Tokyo, Kashiwa, Chiba 277-8568, Japan. thanet@cb.k.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Department of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology, Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, University of Colorado at Boulder, Boulder, CO 80309, USA.
Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.
Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Maribor, Maribor, Slovenia. simon.kocbek@uni-mb.si
School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Informatics Forum, 10 Crichton Street, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK. l.han@mmu.ac.uk
Genetics Programme, Scottish Crop Research Institute and Biomathematics and Statistics Scotland, Invergowrie, Dundee, UK. micha.bayer@scri.ac.uk
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Center for Biomembrane Research, Swedish e-science Research Center, Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden.
School of Computing Science, Faculty of Science Agriculture and Engineering, Newcastle University, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK.
Department of Medicine, Hematology/Oncology, Dan L. Duncan Cancer Center, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA. lbboyd@bcm.edu
University of Potsdam, Institute for Biochemistry and Biology, Potsdam, Germany. basler@mpimp-golm.mpg.de
Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology (MIPS), Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.
Program of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA. netscape@iastate.edu
Bioinformatics Group, The Babraham Institute, CB22 3AT, Cambridge, UK. felix.krueger@bbsrc.ac.uk
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, and Clinical & Translational Science Institute, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA. ahb12@pitt.edu
Institute of Organic Chemistry, Karlsruhe, Germany.
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, Brisbane 4072, Queensland, Australia.
CRS4-Bioinformatics Laboratory, c/o Sardegna Ricerche Scientific Park, Pula, 09010 Cagliari, Italy.
National Magnetic Resonance Facility at Madison, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA. whlee@nmrfam.wisc.edu
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Center for Biomembrane Research, Swedish e-science Research Center, Stockholm University, 106 91 Stockholm, Sweden.
Center for Research in Biological Systems, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Colorado, CO, USA.
Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4072, Australia. t.bailey@uq.edu.au
Department of Bioinformatics, Institute for Microbiology and Genetics, Georg-August University, Göttingen, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Institute of Marine Research, P.O. Box 1870, N-5817 Bergen, Norway. susanne.balzer@imr.no
MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 1000084, China.
Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, IL, USA. zywang@ttic.edu
Department of Statistics and FAS Center for Systems Biology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA. airoldi@fas.harvard.edu

Program in Molecular and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA. zsh@amss.ac.cn
Boku University Vienna, 1190 Muthgasse 18, Vienna, Austria.
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Statistical Genetics, Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry, Munich, Germany. tony@mpipsykl.mpg.de
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 32 Vassar Street 32-D510, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA. mlin@mit.edu
Center for Bioinformatics (ZBIT), Tübingen University, Sand 14, 72076 Tübingen, Germany. scornava@informatik.uni-tuebingen.de
Joint Carnegie Mellon University-University of Pittsburgh Ph.D. Program in Computational Biology, Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.
School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.
RIKEN Plant Science Center, Yokohama, Japan. henning@psc.riken.jp
Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, 28359 Bremen, Germany. theodore@math.uni-bremen.de
Department of Computer Science, Biomedical Informatics Training Program, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA. sofiakp@stanford.edu
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA. suyash@cs.cmu.edu
Computer and Information Sciences and Engineering Department, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611, USA. ggulsoy@cise.ufl.edu
School of Computer Science, McGill University, 3630 University, Montreal, QC, Canada H3A 2B2.
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA. pengh@janella.hhmi.org
School of Computer Science, Hebrew University, Jerusalem 91904, Israel.
INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, Montbonnot, France. sara.berthoumieux@inria.fr
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Madras, Chennai-600 036.
Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, A-1090 Vienna, Austria. choener@tbi.inivie.ac.at
Program in Molecular and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
Department of Computer Science, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong.
Biomedical Informatics Training Program, Stanford University School of Medicine, Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics VU, VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081a, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
School of Information Science, Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST), Nomi, Japan. tsuruoka@jaist.ac.jp
Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC 3800, Australia. arun.konagurthu@monash.edu
Informatics Center, Federal University of Pernambuco (CIn/UFPE), Recife, Brazil. fss3@cin.ufpe.br
Department of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA. jingli@case.edu
School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 91904, Israel.
Department of Computer Science, The University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA 52242, USA. sanmitra-bhattacharya@uiowa.edu
Faculty of Natural Sciences, University of Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. haris.gavranovic@gmail.com
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, 1 South Parks Road, Oxford, OX1 3TG, UK.
Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, Center for Systems Biology, Institute for Genome Sciences and Policy, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA. michael.mayhew@duke.edu
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University.
Department of Molecular Genetics, Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK), Gatersleben, Germany. rohn@lpk-gatersleben.de
Queensland Brain Institute, School of Chemistry and Molecular Biosciences, Queensland Facility for Advanced Bioinformatics, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, Australia.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, Department of Biological Chemistry, The Alexander Silberman Institute of Life Sciences and The Sudarsky Center for Computational Biology, The Hebrew University, Jerusalem, 91904 Israel. regevs01@cs.huji.ac.il
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
Institute for Medical Genetics, Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger Platz 1, 13353 Berlin, Germany.

Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada.
Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, 5-1-5 Kashiwanoha, Kashiwa, Chiba 277-8561, Japan. satoken@k.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Research Group, Max Planck Institutes Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany. limin.li@tuebingen.mpg.de
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA. pmedvedev@cs.ucsd.edu
School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Department of Statistical Genetics, Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry, Munich, Germany. altmann@mpipsykl.mpg.de
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90024, USA. nfurlott@cs.ucla.edu
Systems Medicine and Bioengineering Department, Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Institute for Informatics, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität Münchchen, Amalienstrasse 17, 80333 München, Germany. Ludwig.Geistlinger@bio.ifi.lmu.de
Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery, College of Life Sciences, University of Dundee, Dundee DD1 5EH, UK.
Max Planck Institute for Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Pfotenhauerstr. 108, 01307 Dresden, Germany. kalinka@mpi-cbg.de
Centre for Molecular and Biomolecular Informatics, Nijmegen Centre for Molecular Life Sciences, Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Geert Grooteplein 28, 6525 GA, Nijmegen, Germany. dutilh@cmbi.ru.nl
Center for Human Genome Variation, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, North Carolina 27708, USA. d.ge@duke.edu
Information Systems Laboratory, Bioresources Technology Unit, National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, Klong Luang, Pathumthani 12120, Thailand. supawadee@biotec.or.th
CRS4, Polaris, Ed. 1, I-09010 Pula, Italy. luca.pireddu@crs4.it
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.
Department of Pharmacology M.Aiazzi Mancini, University of Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy.
Department of Biology, Institute of Molecular Systems Biology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH Zurich), CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland. abdullah@imsb.biol.ethz.ch
Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.
Department of Human Genetics, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA. pickrell@uchicago.edu
Department of Biomedical Engineering and Institute for Computational Medicine, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics Tuebingen (ZBIT), University of Tuebingen, Tübingen, Germany. jsbml-team@sbml.org
Systems Engineering and Computer Science Program, COPPE, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Caixa Postal 68511, 21941-972 Rio de Janeiro-RJ, Brazil. paulo@pcarvalho.com
Department of Radiological Sciences, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, 36208 Vigo, Spain. ebalsa@iim.csic.es
Department of Agricultural, Food and Nutritional Science, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB T6G2P5, Canada.
Center for Bioinformatics Tuebingen, University of Tuebingen, 72076 Tübingen, Germany. clemens.wrzodek@uni-tuebingen.de
Tiburon, CA, USA. robert@drive5.com
School of Information Technology and Engineering, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Ontario, K1N 6N5 Canada. mjiline@site.uottawa.ca
Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Japan.
The Huck Institutes for the Life Sciences and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Penn State University, University Park, PA, USA.
Department of Microbiology, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA. mbrittna@uw.edu
Department of Mathematics, Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.
(Bio)Process Engineering Group, Spanish National Research Council, IIM-CSIC, 36208 Vigo, Spain.
Protein and Nucleotide Data Group, EMBL Outstation European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.
Center for Computational Science, Tulane University, Lindy Boggs Center Suite 500, New Orleans, LA 70118, USA. bishop@tulane.edu
Department of Computer Science & Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.
ETH Zurich, Switzerland.
Department of Ecology and Evolution, Biophore, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne University, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Centre Médical Universitaire, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland. brigitte.boeckmann@isb-sib.ch
308C Stanley Hall #1762, Department of Bioengineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA. kimmen@berkeley.edu
ETH Zurich, Computer Science, Universitätstrasse 6, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland. cdessimoz@inf.ethz.ch
Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 5785 Medical Sciences Center, 1300 University Ave, Madison, WI 53706, USA. cdewey@biostat.wisc.edu
Swiss Institute for Bioinformatics, CMU, 1 Rue Michel Servet, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland. pascale.gaudet@isb-sib.ch
University of Potsdam, Institute for Biochemistry and Biology, D-14476 Potsdam, Germany. basler@mpimp-golm.mpg.de
Genome Center, University of California-Davis, Davis, CA 95616, USA. aarondarling@ucdavis.edu
Pharma Research and Early Development, Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., Nutley, NJ 07110, USA. jorg.hakenberg@roche.com
Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA. darshan@email.unc.edu
National Centre for Text Mining, University of Manchester, Manchester, AstraZeneca, Alderley Park, UK. xinglong.wang@gmail.com
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Richland, WA 99352, USA.
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA, USA.
Rega Institute for Medical Research, Clinical and Epidemiological Virology Section, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium. filip.bielejec@rega.kuleuven.be
Systems Immunology Lab, Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.
The Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Applied Genomics, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Princeton, NJ 08543, USA. ruiruji@gmail.com
Department of Pharmacology, University of Colorado Denver, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.
School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Washington State University, Pullman, WA 99164-2752, USA. ananth@eecs.wsu.edu
Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Biological Computation Group, Microsoft Research, Cambridge CB3 0FB, UK.
Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA.
Institut du thorax, Inserm UMR 915, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Nantes, 44000 Nantes, France.
Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Roosevelt Drive, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK. hel23@well.ox.ac.uk
ETH Zurich, Computer Science, Universitätstr. 6, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.
IntelliLeaf Ltd, Cambridge CB1 3UF, UK. andrea@leafbioscience.com
Bioinformatics, National Cancer Research Institute (IST), Genoa, Italy. paolo.romano@istge.it
Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland. leena.salmela@cs.helsinki.fi
Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway. geirksa@ifi.uio.no
Automated Scheduling, Optimisation and Planning Group, School of Computer Science, University of Nottingham, Nottingham, NG8 1BB, UK.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, Bethesda, Maryland 20894, USA. aurelie.neveol@nih.gov
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Tel-Aviv University, Ramat Aviv 69978, Israel.
Laboratory of Cellular and Developmental Biology, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20892, USA. dalerr@niddk.nih.gov
Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA. dfowler@uw.edu

Bioinformatics and Genomics Program, Centre for Genomic Regulation and UPF, Aiguader, 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain.
Institut für Populationsgenetik, Vetmeduni Vienna, Veterinärplatz 1, A-1210 Wien, Austria.
Department of Biochemistry, NKI, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands. r.joosten@nki.nl
Department of Biostatistics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.
School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47404, USA.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, Universität Leipzig, Philipp-Rosenthal-Strasse 27, D-04107 Leipzig, Germany.
Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Roosevelt Drive, Oxford OX3 7BN, UK.
Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal 23955-6900, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Department of Intelligence Science and Technology, Graduate School of Informatics, Kyoto University, Yoshida-Honmachi, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.
INSERM, U928, TAGC, France.
Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo College of Medicine, Rochester, MN, USA.
Department of Molecular Oncology, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Campus E1.4, 66123 Saarbrücken, Germany.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.
Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Protein Engineering, International Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, ul. Ks. Trojdena 4, 02-109 Warsaw, Poland.
Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. driley@som.umaryland.edu
Department of Applied Statistics, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Altenbergerstrasse 69, 4040 Linz, Austria. Bettina.Gruen@jku.at
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, People's Republic of China.
Structural and Computational Biology Unit, EMBL, Meyerhofstrasse 1, 69117, Heidelberg, Germany. enrico.glaab@uni.lu
Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University, Kiel, Germany. b.kreck@ikmb.uni-kiel.de
Department of Computer Science, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92182, USA. rschmied@sciences.sdsu.edu
Institut Curie, Paris 75248, France. freec@curie.fr
Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA. kxia@bios.unc.edu
Bioinformatics Research Group/Artificial Intelligence Center, SRI International, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. mario.latendresse@sri.com
Department of Computer Science, University of Colorado at Boulder and Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Boulder, CO 80309, USA. antoniog@colorado.edu
University of Manchester, M13 9PT Manchester, UK. antonio.marco@manchester.ac.uk
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA. sun.kim@nih.gov
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK. artemis@sanger.ac.uk
Technische Universitaet Muenchen, Bioinformatics - I12, Informatik, Boltzmannstrasse 3, Muenchen, Germany. schaefer@rostlab.org
Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu, Liivi 2- 314, 50409 Tartu, Estonia.
Department of Molecular Epidemiology, Medical Statistics and Bioinformatics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands. y.zhang@lumc.nl
National Center for Biomedical Computing Informatics for Integrating Biology and the Bedside (i2b2), Boston, MA 02115, USA.
The Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School and Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Boston MA 02115, USA. todd_deluca@hms.harvard.edu
Center for Analytical Chemistry, Department for Agrobiotechnology (IFA-Tulln), University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences Vienna, Konrad Lorenz Strasse 20, 3430 Tulln, Austria.
Computational Science Research Center, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92182, USA. katelyn@rohan.sdsu.edu
Division of Biostatistics, Department of Preventive Medicine, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA. gary.k.chen@usc.edu
BioEnergy Science Center, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN, USA. syedmh@ornl.gov
Department for Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, 14195 Berlin, Germany. goeke@molgen.mpg.de

IRISA/INRIA, Symbiose Project, Unité de Biométrie et Intelligence Artificielle, UR875, INRA, F-31320 Castanet-Tolosan, France.
University of Oxford.
Database Center for Life Science, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032, Japan.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA. dkoes@pitt.edu
Computer Science Department, Hope College, Holland, MI 49423, USA. dejongh@hope.edu
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.
International Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, Warsaw, Poland. gchojnowski@genesilico.pl
Joint IRB-BSC program on Computational Biology, BSC c/ Jordi Girona 29, Catalonia.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.

Aalto University, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto, Finland. matti.niemenmaa@aalto.fi
Department of Ecology and Evolution, Biophore, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Physics, Sapienza University P.le A. Moro, 5, 00185 Rome, Italy.
Bioinformatics and Systems Engineering division, RIKEN Yokohama Institute, Tsurumi, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.
CIRAD, UMR AGAP, F-34398 Montpellier, France. valentin.guignon@cirad.fr
Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Meyerhofstrasse 1, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.
The Wang Yanan Institute for Studies in Economics, Xiamen University, Xiamen 361000, China.
Integrative Biology Program, Istituto Nazionale Genetica Molecolare, Milan 20122, Italy. bonnal@ingm.org
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195-2350, USA. dcjones@cs.washington.edu
Department of Computer Science, Aberystwyth University, Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, SY23 3DB, UK. liakata@ebi.ac.uk
Groningen Bioinformatics Centre, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.
Department of Molecular Oncology, BC Cancer Agency, BC, Canada.
Department of BioMedical Engineering, Eindhoven University of Technology, Eindhoven, The Netherlands. j.vanlier@tue.nl
Department of BioMedical Engineering, Eindhoven University of Technology, Eindhoven, The Netherlands. j.vanlier@tue.nl
Department of Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.
National Institute of Informatics, ROIS, Tokyo, Japan. collier@nii.ac.jp
Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.

Division of Mathematical Biology, MRC National Institute for Medical Research, The Ridgeway, Mill Hill, London, UK.
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA.
IBM Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA.
Molécules Thérapeutiques in silico, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) UMR-S 973, Université Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, 35 rue Héléne Brion, Paris, France.
Division of Molecular Biosciences, Faculty of Natural Sciences, Imperial College, London, UK.
School of Life Sciences, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin, NT, Hong Kong SAR.
Cambridge Systems Biology Centre, University of Cambridge, Tennis Court Road, Cambridge, UK. n.r.zabet@gen.cam.ac.uk
Otto-von-Guericke Universität Magdeburg, Institute for Automation Engineering, Systems Theory and Automatic Control Laboratory, Magdeburg, Germany. stefan.streif@ovgu.de
Bioinformatics Core Facility, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, VIC 3002, Australia. Jason.Li@petermac.org
Department of Computer Science, Hunter College, City University of New York, NY 10065, USA. xue.vin@gmail.com
Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Department of Chemical Biology, College of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, The Key Laboratory for Chemical Biology of Fujian Province, School of Life Sciences, Xiamen University, Xiamen, Fujian, P R China.
Cambridge Systems Biology Centre, University of Cambridge, Tennis Court Road, Cambridge, UK. n.r.zabet@gen.cam.ac.uk
Universidad Nacional de San Luis, IMASL-CONICET, Ejército de Los Andes, San Luis, Argentina.
Informatics and Biocomputing Platform, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA. ddeluca@broadinstitute.org
EMBL Outstation, European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK. vicky@ebi.ac.uk
Human Genetics, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, CB10 1SA, UK.
Bioinformatics Institute (BII), Agency for Science Technology and Research (A*STAR), 30 Biopolis Street, #07-01, Matrix, 138671, Singapore.
Biomatters Ltd., 2/76 Anzac Avenue, Auckland, 1010, New Zealand.
Department of Genetics, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.
Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, University of Tokyo, 4-6-1 Shirokanedai, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8639, Japan. aniida@ims.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Department of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA. polishka@cs.ucr.edu
Chair for Bioinformatics, Friedrich-Schiller-University, Jena, Germany.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton, T6G 2V4, Canada.
Department of Biomedical Engineering, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.
Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, V5A 1S6 BC, Canada. denizy@mit.edu
Biotechnology Center (BIOTEC), Technische Universität Dresden, 01062 Dresden, Germany. goetz.fabian@biotec.tu-dresden.de
Structural Biology and BioComputing Program, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), 28029 Madrid, Spain.
Center for Bioinformatics Tübingen, Faculty of Science, University of Tübingen, Sand 14, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Calvin College, Grand Rapids, MI 49546, USA.
Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Texas at Arlington, Arlington, TX 76019, USA.
Center for Functional Connectomics, Korea Institute of Science and Technology, Seoul, Korea.
Systems Biology Centre, University of Warwick, Coventry, UK.
Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton VIC 3800, Australia. arun.konagurthu@monash.edu
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg,Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, D-79110 Freiburg, Germany.
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Department of Biological Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA. mukul@csail.mit.edu
School of Computer Science & McGill Centre for Bioinformatics, McGill University, Montréal, Canada.
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA.
Division of Systems Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
Center for Bioimage informatics, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California-San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA. qpeng@cs.ucsd.edu
Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA.
Center for Biomembrane Research, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Swedish E-science Research Center, Stockholm University, SE-10691 Stockholm, Sweden.
Department of Computer Science, Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
NICTA Victoria Research Laboratory, Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, The University of Melbourne, Parkville and Monash Institute of Medical Research, Monash University, Clayton, Australia. tom.conway@nicta.com.au
EMBL - European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK.
European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK. brandizi@ebi.ac.uk



EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton, CB10 1SD, UK. ari.loytynoja@helsinki.fi
The National Centre for Text Mining (NaCTeM), UK. makoto.miwa@manchester.ac.uk
Laboratory of Immunopathogenesis and Bioinformatics, National Cancer Institute at Frederick, Frederick, MD 21702, USA. xiaoli.jiao@nih.gov
Knowledge Elicitation and Archiving Laboratory, National Electronics and Computer Technology Center (NECTEC), 112 Phahon Yothin Rd., Klong 1, Klong Luang, Pathumthani 12120, Thailand. noppadon.khiripet@nectec.or.th
School of Computer Science, University of Manchester, Oxford Road, Manchester M13 9PL, UK. glaus@cs.man.ac.uk
Microbial Genomics Group, Max Planck Institute for Marine Microbiology, Celsiusstr.1, 28359 Bremen, Germany. epruesse@mpi-bremen.de
Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, Dalhousie University, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. morgan.g.i.langille@gmail.com
School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin 150001, China.
Department of Computer Science and Christopher S. Bond Life Sciences Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Division of Interactome Medical Sciences, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8039, Japan.
Department of Biochemistry, College Cork, Cork, Ireland.
Department of Biochemistry, Brandeis University, MS009, Waltham, MA 02454, USA. dtheobald@brandeis.edu
EMBL European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton, UK. sbgn-libsbgn@lists.sourceforge.net
Finnish Microarray and Sequencing Centre, Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, 20520, Turku, Finland.
The Exelixis Lab, Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, D-68159 Heidelberg, Germany. alexandros.stamatakis@h-its.org
School of Computing Sciences, University of East Anglia, Norwich Research Park, NR4 7TJ, Norwich, UK.
INRA, UMR 0320/UMR 8120 Génétique Végétale, F-91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France.
Institut für Populationsgenetik, Vetmeduni Vienna, Veterinärplatz 1, A-1210 Wien, Austria.
Department of Plant Sciences, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel.
Department of Computer Bioscience, Nagahama Institute of Bio-Science and Technology, 1266, Tamura-cho, Nagahama, Shiga 526-0829, Japan. m_shionyu@nagahama-i-bio.ac.jp
Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, School of Life Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 200092, China.
Department of Medical Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Institute of Biomedicine, The Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, Gothenburg, SE-405 30, Sweden.
Department of Biological Sciences, Institute for Bioinformatics and Evolutionary Studies, University of Idaho, Moscow, ID 83844-3051, USA. foster@uidaho.edu
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA. hlee@cshl.edu
Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PT, UK. martin.gerner@gmail.com
Center for Evolutionary Medicine and Informatics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287, USA.
Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic College of Medicine, Rochester, MN 55905, USA. sun.zhifu@mayo.edu
Structural Genomics Consortium, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5G1L7, Canada.
Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
Department of Microbiology, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195-7735, USA.
Wellcome Trust Centre for Cell Biology and School of Biological Sciences, The University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JR, UK. jan.wildenhain@ed.ac.uk
Departments of Pharmacology and Medicine, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.
Max Planck Institute for Marine Microbiology, Bremen, Germany.
Laboratory for MetaSystems Research at RIKEN, Japan.
Center for Research in Biological Systems, University of California San Diego, USA. liwz@sdsc.edu
European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge, UK. chrish@ebi.ac.uk
CRI-FEM, Trento, Italy.
School of Computer Science and Software Engineering, University of Western Australia, Perth, Australia. janaspe@csse.uwa.edu.au
Wageningen University, Laboratory of Microbiology, 6703HB Wageningen, Netherlands. leo.lahti@iki.fi
The Roslin Institute, University of Edinburgh, Easter Bush, EH25 9RG, UK.
Biometric Research Branch, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Rockville, MD 20852, USA. xiaosheng.wang@nih.gov
Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK. artemis@sanger.ac.uk
University of Milan.
Broad Institute, 7 Cambridge Center 301B-5057, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
Center for Biomolecular Science and Engineering, University of California, Santa Cruz, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA 95064, USA. kuhn@soe.ucsc.edu
Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, 101 College Street, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. lincoln.stein@gmail.com
Benaroya Research Institute and Center for Liver Disease, Digestive Disease Institute, Virginia Mason Medical Center, Seattle, WA 98101, USA. yli@benaroyaresearch.org
Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Mayerhofstraße 1, Heidelberg 69117, Germany.
Radboud University of Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Rega Institute for Medical Research, KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium. pieter.libin@rega.kuleuven.be
Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.
IBISC EA 4526, Université d'Évry-Val d'Essonne, Évry, France.
Institute of Molecular Biotechnology of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, 1030 Vienna, Austria.
Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada. ibirol@bcgsc.ca
Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 København K, Denmark. jonsson.hakon@gmail.com
Joint Carnegie Mellon - University of Pittsburgh Ph.D Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.

Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.
Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh Ph.D. Program in Computational Biology, Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA. sachowdh@andrew.cmu.edu
IBIVU Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics, VU University Amsterdam, AIMMS Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems, VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, NKI-AVL The Netherlands.
Structural Computational Biology Group, Structural Biology and Biocomputing Programme, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre, 28029 Madrid, Spain. mrubioc@cnio.es
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Research Group, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology & Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems Spemannstr 38, 72076 Tübingen, Germany. chloe-agathe.azencott@tuebingen.mpg.de
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
Department of Computer Engineering, Kadir Has University, Cibali, Istanbul 34083, Turkey.

Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.
Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.
Institute for Genome Sciences and Policy, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA.
Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
College of Computing, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.
Machine Learning Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Computer Science, National Center for Biotechnology in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva 84105, Israel.
School of Computer Science & McGill Centre for Bioinformatics, McGill University, Montréal, QC, Canada.
Computer Science Department and Lane Center for Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, 353 Serra Mall, Stanford, CA 94305, USA. saerni@cs.stanford.edu

Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, 6045 S Kenwood, IL 60637, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA. predrag@indiana.edu
Department of Automation and Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.
Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Department of Statistics and Operations Research, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel. davidgo5@post.tau.ac.il
Department of Life Sciences and Centre for Integrative Systems Biology and Bioinformatics, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK.
Integrative Systems Biology Laboratory, Biological and Environmental Sciences and Engineering Division, Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal 23955-6900, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. kalokagathos.agon@gmail.com
Gonda Multidisciplinary Brain Research Center, Bar-Ilan University, Ramat-Gan 52900, Israel. noalis@gmail.com
Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
Computational Genomics, IBM TJ Watson Research, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA. dhe@us.ibm.com
Department of Computer Science, Wayne State University, Detroit, MI 48202, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Columbia University, 500 West 120th, New York City, NY 10027, USA.
Department of Computer Science, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.
University of Southern California, 1050 Childs Way, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel.
Lane Center for Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA. robp@cs.cmu.edu
The National Centre for Text Mining and School of Computer Science and School of Chemistry and the Manchester Institute of Biotechnology, The University of Manchester, Manchester M1 7DN, UK. makoto.miwa@manchester.ac.uk
Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA.
Language Technologies Institute, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Ave, PA 15213, USA.
Institute for Genome Sciences & Policy, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA.
CNRS UMR7196, INSERM U565, MNHN, 43 rue Cuvier 75005 Paris, France.
Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7420, USA.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy.
The Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine TIGEM.
Bioinformatics Research Unit, Agrogenomics Research Center, National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 305-8602, Japan.
School of Biomedicine, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PT, UK.
Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of California San Diego, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, USA.
EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridgeshire, CB10 1SD, UK.
State Key Laboratory of Quality Research in Chinese Medicine, Macau Institute for Applied Research in Medicine and Health, Macau University of Science and Technology, Macau, China.
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, 1100 Fairview Avenue North, Mailstop M2-C200, Seattle, WA 98109-1024, USA.
Human and Molecular Genetics Center, Medical College of Wisconsin, 8701 Watertown Plank Rd, Milwaukee, WI 53226-3548, USA. slaulederkind@mcw.edu
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Department of Clinical and Molecular Biomedicine, University of Catania, Catania, Italy.
Institute of Informatics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland. dojer@mimuw.edu.pl
Center in Computation Biology, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Department of Computer Science, Department of Biology, and Department of Statistics, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California-San Diego, CA 92093, USA. kwj@ucsd.edu
Center for Applied Molecular Technologies, Institut de Recherche Expérimentale et Clinique, Université catholique de Louvain, Clos Chapelle-aux-Champs 30, Brussels, Belgium. jerome.ambroise@uclouvain.be
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.
INRA, UMR1313 Génétique animale et biologie intégrative, 78352 Jouy-en-Josas, France. andrea.rau@jouy.inra.fr
Department of Microbiology, University of Dhaka, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Centre for Chemistry and Biotechnology, Deakin University, Geelong, VIC, Australia ; Bigtec Pvt Ltd, Rajajinagar, Bangalore, India.
Department of Physics, Sapienza University and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, 00185 Rome, Italy.
The Australian Centre for Plant Functional Genomics, University of Adelaide, SA 5064, Australia. nathan.haigh@acpfg.com.au.
Departments of Biological Sciences and Mathematics, Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Laboratory, University of Delaware, Newark, DE 19716, USA. Tel.: +1-302-831-6400; Fax: +1-302-831-6477; jrjungck@gmail.com.
*Functional Genomics Group, EMBL-EBI, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK. Tel.: +44-1223-492539; Fax: +44-1223-494468; gabry@ebi.ac.uk.
Informatics and Bio-computing Program, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, 101 College, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1L7, Canada. Tel/Fax: +416-673-8502. michelle.brazas@oicr.on.ca.
Biodata Mining Group, CeBiTec, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany, Computational Genomics, CeBiTec, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany, Bruker Daltonik GmbH, Bremen, Germany, Proteome and Metabolome Research, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany and Max Rubner-Institute, Detmold, Germany.
Otto-Warburg-Laboratories, Epigenomics and Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, D-14195 Berlin, Germany.
Biozentrum, Universität Basel, Klingelbergstrasse 50-70 and Computational Structural Biology, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 4056 Basel, Switzerland.
Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, CIBR Center for Computational and Integrative Biomedical Research and Program in Structural and Computational Biology & Molecular Biophysics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030 and Center for Human Genetic Research, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02114, USA.
Department of Psychiatry, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06508, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, George Washington University Medical Center, Washington, DC 20037, USA.
Department of Hematology, Erasmus University Medical Center, Rotterdam, The Netherlands ; Delft Bioinformatics Lab (DBL), Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.
Department of Bioinformatics, Erasmus University Medical Center, Dr. Molewaterplein 50, 3015GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Metropolitan State University of Denver, Colorado, USA, Department of Clinical Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Bioinformatics Laboratory, Academic Medical Center, University of Amsterdam, Meibergdreef 9, Amsterdam, 1105AZ, The Netherlands, Netherlands Proteomics Centre, H.R. Kruytgebouw, Padualaan 8, 3584CH Utrecht, The Netherlands and Netherlands Bioinformatics Centre, Geert Grooteplein 28, 6525GA Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Department of Molecular, Cell and Developmental Biology and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA 22908, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA and Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08540, USA.
Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center and Department of Cancer Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.
Department of Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, 367 Evans Hall Berkeley, CA 94720-3860, USA, Department of Molecular and Medical Genetics, Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, OR 97239, USA and Department of Dermatology, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94115, USA.
Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada V6T 1Z3, Centre for Microbial Diseases and Immunity Research, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada V6T 1Z4 and Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SA, UK.
Institute for Systems Biology, Seattle, WA 98109-5234, USA. Leroy.Hood@systemsbiology.org
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02451, USA.
IEETA, Department of Electronics, Telecommunications and Informatics, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal.
INRIA Grenoble Rhône-Alpes & Université de Lyon, F-69000 Lyon, Université Lyon 1; CNRS, UMR5558 LBBE, France, Laboratório Nacional de Computação Científica (LNCC), Petrópolis, Brazil, LISBP, UMR CNRS 5504 - INRA 792, Toulouse, France, Mathomics, Center for Mathematical Modeling (UMI-2807 CNRS) and Center for Genome Regulation (Fondap 15090007), University of Chile, Santiago, Chile Lab. Statistique et Génome, CNRS UMR8071 INRA1152, Université d'Évry, France, Scuola Normale Superiore, 56126 Pisa, Italy, Laboratoire d'Etude du Métabolisme des Médicaments, DSV/iBiTecS/SPI, CEA/Saclay, 91191 Gif-sur-Yvette, France, La Sapienza University of Rome, Rome, Dipartimento di Sistemi e Informatica, Università di Firenze, I-50134 Firenze, Italy, VU University and CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands and INRA UMR1331 - Toxalim, Toulouse, France.
Department of Computer Science, Aberystwyth University, Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, SY23 3DB, UK. leechuck@leechuck.de.
Laboratory of Translational Genomics - Centre for Integrative Biology, University of Trento, Via delle Regole 101, 38123 Mattarello (TN) and Institute of Biophysics CNR - Via alla Cascata 56/C, 38123 Povo (TN), Italy.
Corresponding author. Marco Pagni.
Institute of Pathology, Charite - Universitaetsmedizin Berlin, Chariteplatz 1, 10117 Berlin. Tel.: +49 30 2093 8951; Fax: +49 30 450 536 909; wasco.wruck@charite.de.
School of Biomedical Sciences and Pharmacy, The University of Newcastle, University Drive, Callaghan NSW 2308, Australia. murray.cairns@newcastle.edu.au.
Computational Biology Research Center (CBRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), 2-4-7 Aomi, Koto-ku, Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.
Eli and Edythe Broad Center for Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research at USC, Department of Cell and Neurobiology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90033, USA; Department of Neurology, Wuxi People's Hospital Affiliated to Nanjing Medical University, Wuxi 214023, China.
Life Sciences Department, Paris Diderot University, Paris 75013, France.
School of Computer and Information Engineering, Zhejiang Gongshang University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310018, P.R. China and Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta T6G 2V4, Canada.
Patient Stratification group and Genetics and Genomics group, Biogen Idec, Cambridge, MA, USA.
Division for Bioinformatics, Innsbruck Medical University, Innrain 80, 6020 Innsbruck, Austria. Tel.: +43-512-9003-71401; Fax: +43-512-9003-73100; zlatko.trajanoski@i-med.ac.at.
Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, Toronto, ON, M5G 0A3, Canada and Department of Medical Biophysics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5G 2M9, Canada.
Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Calgary, 2500 University Drive NW, Calgary AB T2N 1N4, Canada and UMR CNRS 5558 - LBBE, Université Lyon 1, Villeurbanne Cedex, France.
Department of Pharmacology and Molecular Sciences, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21205, USA.
Department of Anesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Department of Anesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.
Department of Anesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Cyclolab Cyclodextrin Research and Development Laboratory Ltd, Budapest, Hungary.; Department of Anesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Department of Anesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Department of Anesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.
Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; College of Dentistry, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; College of Dentistry, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; Department of Neurology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; Department of Neurology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA; Department of Pathology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; Department of Molecular and Biomedical Pharmacology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA; Department of Pathology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA.; Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA; Department of Pathology, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40536, USA. Electronic address: pnels2@email.uky.edu.
Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA, Computer Science and Technology Center, School of Engineering, University of Minho, Campus de Gualtar, Braga, Portugal and Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA.
Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, Scientific Computing Group, Lugano, Switzerland, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology, Safety & Security Department, Vienna, Austria, Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Scientific Computing Group and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe, Germany.
Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Victoria 3052, Department of Medical Biology, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Melanoma Research Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Department of Pathology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, NICTA Victoria Laboratory, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Cancer Therapeutics Program, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010, Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Victoria 3010 and Bioinformatics and Cancer Genomics Laboratory, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, East Melbourne, Victoria 3002, Australia.
Department of Computer Science, San Diego State University, San Diego, 92182 CA, USA.; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Shemyakin Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Russian Academy of Sciences, 117997 Moscow, Russia.; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Lanzhou University School of Public Health, Lanzhou, Gansu 730000, China.; Lanzhou University School of Public Health, Lanzhou, Gansu 730000, China.; Lanzhou University School of Public Health, Lanzhou, Gansu 730000, China.; Department of Environmental Medicine, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, NYU School of Medicine, New York, 10016 NY, USA.
European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Centre Medical Universitaire, 1211 Geneve, Switzerland.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, People's Republic of China and University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, People's Republic of China.
LabPIB, Department of Computing and Mathematics FFCLRP-USP, University of Sao Paulo, Ribeirao Preto, Brazil, INRA UMR1331, Toxalim, Research Centre in Food Toxicology, Universit de Toulouse, INSA, UPS, INP; LISBP, Toulouse, France, Institute for Systems Biology, Seattle, Washington, USA, CNRS, UMR5504, Toulouse, France, Department of Genetics ESALQ-USP, University of Sao Paulo, Piracicaba, Brazil and Laboratorio Nacional de Ciencia e Tecnologia do Bioetanol CTBE, Campinas, Brazil.
Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, 69118 Heidelberg and Department of Informatics, Institute of Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, 76128 Karlsruhe, Germany.
Computational Biology and Data Mining Group, Max Delbruck Center for Molecular Medicine, 13125 Berlin, Germany, Graduate School of Life Sciences, Utrecht University, Universiteitsweg 98, 3584 CG, Utrecht, the Netherlands and Roche Diagnostics GmbH, 82377 Penzberg, Germany.
Cancer Epigenetics Program, Cancer Research Division, Kinghorn Cancer Centre, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, RNA Biology and Plasticity Laboratory, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, St Vincent's Clinical School, University of NSW, Sydney 2010, Australia and Division of Computational Informatics, CSIRO, Sydney 2113, Australia.
National Creative Research Initiatives Center for Genome Engineering, Department of Chemistry and Department of Physics and Astronomy, Seoul National University, 599 Gwanak-ro, Seoul 151-742, South Korea.
Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies (HITS gGmbH), Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, D-69118 Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, Texas Advanced Computing Center, University of Texas, Austin, TX, 78758, USA, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, 48109, MI, USA and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Postfach 6980, 76128 Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Institute of Agrobiotechnology, Centre for Research & Technology Hellas (CERTH), 57001 Thessaloniki, Greece. ouzounis@certh.gr.
Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88 and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88 and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88 and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88 and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88 and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88 and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.
Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, SpainCenter for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and ; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.; Center for Biomedical Image Analysis, Masaryk University, 602 00 Brno, Czech Republic, Cancer Imaging Laboratory, Oncology Division, Center for Applied Medical Research, University of Navarra, 31008 Pamplona, Spain, Biomedical Imaging Group Rotterdam, Erasmus University Medical Center, 3015 GE Rotterdam, The Netherlands, Fusion Technology and Systems Department, Compunetix Inc., Monroeville, PA 15146, USA, Biomedical Computer Vision Group, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, University of Heidelberg, BIOQUANT, IPMB and DKFZ, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, ACCESS Linnaeus Center, Department of Signal Processing, 100 44 Stockholm, Sweden, Baxter Laboratory for Stem Cell Biology, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA, Division of Image Processing, Leiden University Medical Center, 2300 RC Leiden, The Netherlands, Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, 12801 Prague 2, Czech Republic and Biomedical Image Technologies, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid & CIBER BBN, 28040 Madrid, Spain.
Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Norway.; Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Norway.; Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Norway.; Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Norway.; Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Norway.; Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, NorwayInstitute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, NorwayInstitute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital, PO Box 4950, Nydalen, 0424 Oslo, Department of Mathematics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo and ELIXIR project, Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Problemveien 7, 0313 Oslo, Norway.
Department of Immunology, National Jewish Health, Denver, CO 80206, USA. Electronic address: ReisdorphN@NJHealth.org.; Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Sciences and Critical Care Medicine, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Informatics, Colorado School of Public Health, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.; Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Sciences and Critical Care Medicine, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, National Jewish Health, Denver, CO 80206, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Proteomics and Metabolomics Facility, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80523, USA.; Lung Biology Center, Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94143, USA.; Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Sciences and Critical Care Medicine, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Mass Spectrometry Research Center, Vanderbilt School of Medicine, Nashville, TN 37027, USA.; Department of Pathology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Sciences and Critical Care Medicine, University of Colorado School of Medicine, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.
Computer Science Department, Stanford University and Department of Biological Sciences and Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University.; Computer Science Department, Stanford University and Department of Biological Sciences and Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University.
Department of Computer Science, UNC at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, Department of EECS, Case Western Reserve University, OH 44106, USA Department of Mathematics, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 23002, China and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, UNC at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, Department of EECS, Case Western Reserve University, OH 44106, USA Department of Mathematics, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 23002, China and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, UNC at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, Department of EECS, Case Western Reserve University, OH 44106, USA Department of Mathematics, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 23002, China and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, UNC at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, Department of EECS, Case Western Reserve University, OH 44106, USA Department of Mathematics, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 23002, China and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, UNC at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, Department of EECS, Case Western Reserve University, OH 44106, USA Department of Mathematics, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 23002, China and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Stockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, SwedenStockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, Sweden.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, SwedenStockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, Sweden.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, SwedenStockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, Sweden.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, Sweden.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, SwedenStockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, SwedenStockholm Bioinformatics Centre, Science for Life Laboratory, SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Rudbeck Laboratory, SE-751 05 Uppsala, Sweden and Swedish eScience Research Center, SE-100 44 Stockholm, Sweden.

Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, GermanyResearch Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, GermanyResearch Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 1 (ZBS 1), Centre for Biological Threats and Special Pathogens 6 (ZBS 6) and Central Administration 4 (IT), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.
Departments of Genetics and Community and Family Medicine, Institute for Quantitative Biomedical Sciences, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH 03755, USA.; Departments of Genetics and Community and Family Medicine, Institute for Quantitative Biomedical Sciences, Dartmouth College, Hanover, NH 03755, USA.
Advanced Analytics Institute and Centre for Health Technologies and Department of Molecular Science, University of Technology Sydney, Broadway, NSW 2007, Australia.; Advanced Analytics Institute and Centre for Health Technologies and Department of Molecular Science, University of Technology Sydney, Broadway, NSW 2007, Australia.; Advanced Analytics Institute and Centre for Health Technologies and Department of Molecular Science, University of Technology Sydney, Broadway, NSW 2007, Australia.; Advanced Analytics Institute and Centre for Health Technologies and Department of Molecular Science, University of Technology Sydney, Broadway, NSW 2007, Australia.
Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USAAlgorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USAAlgorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.; Algorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USAAlgorithmic Biology Lab, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Department of Mathematics and Mechanics, Theodosius Dobzhansky Center for Genome Bioinformatics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, USA.
Computer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Computer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Computer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Computer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Computer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Computer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USAComputer Science Department, Department of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA, Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, 30303 and Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, 02906, USADepartment of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, 02906, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, 02906, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, 02906, USADepartment of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, 02906, USA.
Laboratory for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, EPFL-IC-LCBB INJ 230, Station 14, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Laboratory for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, EPFL-IC-LCBB INJ 230, Station 14, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USALeibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.; Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USALeibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.; Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.; Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USALeibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.; Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.; Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.; Leibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USALeibniz Supercomputing Center, Garching, Department for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Munich, Germany, Cambridge, MA, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, USA and City University of New York School of Public Health, Hunter College, New York, USA.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, DenmarkBioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, DenmarkBioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, DenmarkBioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, DenmarkBioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Munich Leukemia Laboratory (MLL), Munich, Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, Bagsvaerd, Denmark.
Department of Computer Science, University of Salamanca, 37008 Salamanca, Spain and Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, CSIC/USAL, 37007 Salamanca, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, University of Salamanca, 37008 Salamanca, Spain and Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, CSIC/USAL, 37007 Salamanca, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, University of Salamanca, 37008 Salamanca, Spain and Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, CSIC/USAL, 37007 Salamanca, SpainDepartment of Computer Science, University of Salamanca, 37008 Salamanca, Spain and Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, CSIC/USAL, 37007 Salamanca, Spain.
Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USADepartment of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Information Science, School of Mathematical Sciences and LMAM, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China and NCI Center for Modeling Cancer Development, Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Hospital Research Institute; Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Institut de Biotecnologia i Biomedicina, Escola Tècnica Superior de Ingenieria, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona; Bellaterra, Barcelona 08193, Spain and Laboratorio de Inmunología, Universidad de la República Regional Norte-Salto, Rivera 1350, CP 50000 Salto, Uruguay.; Institut de Biotecnologia i Biomedicina, Escola Tècnica Superior de Ingenieria, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona; Bellaterra, Barcelona 08193, Spain and Laboratorio de Inmunología, Universidad de la República Regional Norte-Salto, Rivera 1350, CP 50000 Salto, Uruguay.; Institut de Biotecnologia i Biomedicina, Escola Tècnica Superior de Ingenieria, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona; Bellaterra, Barcelona 08193, Spain and Laboratorio de Inmunología, Universidad de la República Regional Norte-Salto, Rivera 1350, CP 50000 Salto, Uruguay.; Institut de Biotecnologia i Biomedicina, Escola Tècnica Superior de Ingenieria, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona; Bellaterra, Barcelona 08193, Spain and Laboratorio de Inmunología, Universidad de la República Regional Norte-Salto, Rivera 1350, CP 50000 Salto, Uruguay.; Institut de Biotecnologia i Biomedicina, Escola Tècnica Superior de Ingenieria, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona; Bellaterra, Barcelona 08193, Spain and Laboratorio de Inmunología, Universidad de la República Regional Norte-Salto, Rivera 1350, CP 50000 Salto, Uruguay.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, CanadaDepartment of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, CanadaDepartment of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, CanadaDepartment of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, CanadaDepartment of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, CanadaDepartment of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3G4, Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario M5S 3E1, Canada and Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8, Canada.
Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, JapanGraduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan, Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8582, Japan, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, Japan, Graduate School of Biological Sciences, Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST), 8916-5 Takayama, Ikoma, Nara 630-0192, Japan and Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.
Institute for Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS), Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, P. R. China, Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA and Department of Biochemistry, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27708, USA.; Institute for Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS), Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, P. R. China, Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA and Department of Biochemistry, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27708, USA.; Institute for Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS), Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, P. R. China, Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA and Department of Biochemistry, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27708, USAInstitute for Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS), Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, P. R. China, Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA and Department of Biochemistry, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27708, USA.; Institute for Theoretical Computer Science (ITCS), Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, P. R. China, Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC 27708, USA and Department of Biochemistry, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27708, USA.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, 2628CD Delft, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, 2628CD Delft, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, 2628CD Delft, The Netherlands.
St. Petersburg University of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Bioinformatics Institute, St. Petersburg, Russia, UCSC, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, USASt. Petersburg University of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Bioinformatics Institute, St. Petersburg, Russia, UCSC, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, USA.; St. Petersburg University of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Bioinformatics Institute, St. Petersburg, Russia, UCSC, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, USA.; St. Petersburg University of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Bioinformatics Institute, St. Petersburg, Russia, UCSC, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, USA.; St. Petersburg University of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Bioinformatics Institute, St. Petersburg, Russia, UCSC, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, CA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UCSD, 9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA, USA.
The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.; The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPANThe Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562, CREST, JST, Kanazawa University, Kakuma, Kanazawa 920-1192, The University of Tokyo, Building 3, 2-11-16 Yayoi, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0032 Kyushu University, 6-10-1 Hakozaki, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka 812-8581, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies, 10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-8562 and JST, ERATO, 2-2-2 Hikaridai Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, Kyoto-fu, JAPAN.
Lane Center for Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA 15213 and Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, School of Engineering, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA 44106.; Lane Center for Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA 15213 and Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, School of Engineering, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA 44106.; Lane Center for Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA 15213 and Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, School of Engineering, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA 44106.
Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Cambridge, Department of Mathematics, University of Massachusetts Boston, Boston, MA, Drug Safety Research & Development, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Groton, CT, USA and Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Berlin, GermanyComputational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Cambridge, Department of Mathematics, University of Massachusetts Boston, Boston, MA, Drug Safety Research & Development, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Groton, CT, USA and Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Berlin, Germany.; Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Cambridge, Department of Mathematics, University of Massachusetts Boston, Boston, MA, Drug Safety Research & Development, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Groton, CT, USA and Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Berlin, Germany.; Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Cambridge, Department of Mathematics, University of Massachusetts Boston, Boston, MA, Drug Safety Research & Development, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Groton, CT, USA and Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Berlin, Germany.; Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Cambridge, Department of Mathematics, University of Massachusetts Boston, Boston, MA, Drug Safety Research & Development, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Groton, CT, USA and Computational Sciences Center of Emphasis, Pfizer Worldwide R&D, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Elm and Carlton Streets, Buffalo, NY 14263, USA and Department of Statistics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1300 University Avenue, Madison, WI 53705, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Elm and Carlton Streets, Buffalo, NY 14263, USA and Department of Statistics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1300 University Avenue, Madison, WI 53705, USA.

School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Informatics Forum, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, School of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JR and MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK.; School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Informatics Forum, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, School of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JR and MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK.; School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Informatics Forum, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, School of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JR and MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK.
Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02906, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02906, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02906, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA and Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.
Department of Medicine and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Medicine and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Medicine and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Medicine and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Medicine and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton CB1 10SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton CB1 10SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton CB1 10SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton CB1 10SA, UK.
Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, BelgiumDepartment of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, BelgiumDepartment of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, BelgiumDepartment of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven, iMinds Medical IT and Department of Computer Science, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.
CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.; CRS4, Science and Technology Park Polaris, Piscina Manna, 09010 Pula (CA), Italy.
B2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, SpainB2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, Spain.; B2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, SpainB2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, Spain.; B2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, SpainB2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, Spain.; B2SLab., Department d'Enginyeria de Sistemes, Automàtica i Informàtica Industrial, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, CIBER-BBN, Pau Gargallo, 5, 08028 Barcelona, Biomarkers & Nutrimetabolomic Lab., Department of Nutrition and Food Science-XaRTA, INSA, Faculty of Pharmacy, Food and Nutrition Torribera Campus, University of Barcelona, Av. Prat de la Riba 171, 08921, Sta Coloma de Gramenet, and INGENIO-CONSOLIDER Program, FUN-C-Food CSD2007-063, Av Joan XXIII s/n 08028, Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics, Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Unit of Public Health Genomics, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Computational Medicine, Institute of Health Sciences, University of Oulu and Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC Health Protection, Agency (HPA) Centre for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College, London, UK, Institute of Health Sciences, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Department of Clinical Physiology, Tampere University Hospital and University of Tampere, Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK, Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Department of Chronic Disease Prevention, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Department of Children and Young People and Families, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Oulu, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, Hjelt Institute and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, FinlandDepartment of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Esbo, Finland, Center for Communicable Dise
The Robinson Research Institute, School of Paediatrics and Reproductive Health, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia and School of Agriculture Food and Wine, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia.; The Robinson Research Institute, School of Paediatrics and Reproductive Health, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia and School of Agriculture Food and Wine, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia.; The Robinson Research Institute, School of Paediatrics and Reproductive Health, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia and School of Agriculture Food and Wine, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, AustraliaThe Robinson Research Institute, School of Paediatrics and Reproductive Health, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia and School of Agriculture Food and Wine, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia.; The Robinson Research Institute, School of Paediatrics and Reproductive Health, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia and School of Agriculture Food and Wine, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide 5005, Australia.





Department of Pathology, Boston Children's Hospital, Boston, MA 02115, USA. joao_paulo@post.harvard.edu
Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Department of Biomedical Genetics and James P Wilmot Cancer Center, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Department of Biomedical Genetics and James P Wilmot Cancer Center, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Department of Biomedical Genetics and James P Wilmot Cancer Center, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 14642, USADepartment of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Department of Biomedical Genetics and James P Wilmot Cancer Center, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Department of Biomedical Genetics and James P Wilmot Cancer Center, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.
Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg, L-4362.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg, L-4362.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg, L-4362.
Bioinformatics and Integrative Genomics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA, Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology, Harvard Medical School, Boston MA 02215, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA and Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA Bioinformatics and Integrative Genomics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA, Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology, Harvard Medical School, Boston MA 02215, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA and Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Bioinformatics and Integrative Genomics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA, Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology, Harvard Medical School, Boston MA 02215, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA and Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Bioinformatics and Integrative Genomics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA, Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology, Harvard Medical School, Boston MA 02215, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA and Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA Bioinformatics and Integrative Genomics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA, Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology, Harvard Medical School, Boston MA 02215, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA and Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, Takustr. 9, 14195 Berlin, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, Takustr. 9, 14195 Berlin, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, Takustr. 9, 14195 Berlin, Germany.
'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.; 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.; 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.; 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.; 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.; 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.; 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France 'Multimodal Computing and Interaction', Saarland University & Department for Computational Biology and Applied Computing, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123 Saarland, Germany, Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15206 PA, USA, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, 14195 Berlin, Germany, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, UMR7238, CNRS-UPMC, Paris, France and CNRS, UMR7238, Laboratory of Computational and Quantitative Biology, Paris, France.
IBISC EA 4526, UEVE/Genopole, IBGBI, 23 bv. de France, 91000 Evry, France and Genethon, 1, bis rue de l'Internationale, 91002 Evry Cedex, France IBISC EA 4526, UEVE/Genopole, IBGBI, 23 bv. de France, 91000 Evry, France and Genethon, 1, bis rue de l'Internationale, 91002 Evry Cedex, France.; IBISC EA 4526, UEVE/Genopole, IBGBI, 23 bv. de France, 91000 Evry, France and Genethon, 1, bis rue de l'Internationale, 91002 Evry Cedex, France.; IBISC EA 4526, UEVE/Genopole, IBGBI, 23 bv. de France, 91000 Evry, France and Genethon, 1, bis rue de l'Internationale, 91002 Evry Cedex, France.; IBISC EA 4526, UEVE/Genopole, IBGBI, 23 bv. de France, 91000 Evry, France and Genethon, 1, bis rue de l'Internationale, 91002 Evry Cedex, France.; IBISC EA 4526, UEVE/Genopole, IBGBI, 23 bv. de France, 91000 Evry, France and Genethon, 1, bis rue de l'Internationale, 91002 Evry Cedex, France.
Computer Science Department, University of California Los Angeles (UCLA), 3551 Boelter Hall, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1596, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of California Los Angeles (UCLA), 3551 Boelter Hall, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1596, USA.
AgroParisTech/INRA MIA 518, 75005 Paris and UMR de Génétique Végétale, INRA/Univ. Paris-Sud/CNRS, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France.; AgroParisTech/INRA MIA 518, 75005 Paris and UMR de Génétique Végétale, INRA/Univ. Paris-Sud/CNRS, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France.; AgroParisTech/INRA MIA 518, 75005 Paris and UMR de Génétique Végétale, INRA/Univ. Paris-Sud/CNRS, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France AgroParisTech/INRA MIA 518, 75005 Paris and UMR de Génétique Végétale, INRA/Univ. Paris-Sud/CNRS, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France.; AgroParisTech/INRA MIA 518, 75005 Paris and UMR de Génétique Végétale, INRA/Univ. Paris-Sud/CNRS, 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, France.
Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Department of Biostatistics and Center of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Center for Human Genetics Research, Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, Departments of Developmental Biology and Computational & Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, USA Center for Human Genetics Research, Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, Departments of Developmental Biology and Computational & Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, USA.; Center for Human Genetics Research, Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, Departments of Developmental Biology and Computational & Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, USA Center for Human Genetics Research, Department of Biomedical Informatics, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, Departments of Developmental Biology and Computational & Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15201, USA.
Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer R; Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), INF 280, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, D-07747 Jena, Erlanger Allee 101, Network Modeling, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans Knöll Institute Jena, Beutenbergstrasse 11a, 07745 Jena, Theoretical Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center, INF 580, 69121 Heidelberg, Department of Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics, Institute of Pharmacy and Molecular Biotechnology, and Bioquant, University of Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 267 and Division Translational Immunology, Group Tumor Antigens, German Cancer R
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3TG, UK and Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, CA 90089-2910, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3TG, UK and Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, CA 90089-2910, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3TG, UK and Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, CA 90089-2910, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3TG, UK and Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, CA 90089-2910, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3TG, UK and Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, CA 90089-2910, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics, Campus Building E2.1, Saarland University, D-66123 Saarbrücken, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics, Campus Building E2.1, Saarland University, D-66123 Saarbrücken, Germany.
Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.; Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.; Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.; Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology, 130, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 443-803, Korea, Samsung Genome Institute, Seoul, 135-710, Korea, Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics and Department of Statistics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.
Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.
Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL, MRC Biostatistics Unit, Cambridge, CB2 0SR, UK, Life Sciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, CA 94710, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Knight Cancer Institute, Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR 97239-3098, USA and School of Clinical Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 0SP, UK.
Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Bio Systems Analysis Group, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Jena Centre for Bioinformatics, Friedrich Schiller University Jena, 07743 Jena, Germany, Mathematics Department, University of British Columbia, Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7, Canada, Instituto de Filosofía y Ciencias de la Complejidad - IFICC, Los Alerces 3024 Ñuñoa, Santiago, Chile, Center Leo Apostel, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1160 Brussels, Belgium, Umm Al-Qura University, 1109 Makkah Al-Mukarramah and Al-Qunfudah Center for Scientific Research (QCSR), 21912 Al-Qunfudah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
School of Interdisciplinary Bioscience and Bioengineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 790-784, Korea and Department of New Biology and Center for Plant Aging Research, Institute for Basic Science, Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology, Daegu 711-873, Korea.; School of Interdisciplinary Bioscience and Bioengineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 790-784, Korea and Department of New Biology and Center for Plant Aging Research, Institute for Basic Science, Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology, Daegu 711-873, Korea.; School of Interdisciplinary Bioscience and Bioengineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 790-784, Korea and Department of New Biology and Center for Plant Aging Research, Institute for Basic Science, Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology, Daegu 711-873, Korea.; School of Interdisciplinary Bioscience and Bioengineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 790-784, Korea and Department of New Biology and Center for Plant Aging Research, Institute for Basic Science, Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology, Daegu 711-873, Korea School of Interdisciplinary Bioscience and Bioengineering and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 790-784, Korea and Department of New Biology and Center for Plant Aging Research, Institute for Basic Science, Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology, Daegu 711-873, Korea.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, FI-00076 Espoo, Finland, School of Computing Science, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ, UK and Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, FI-00076 Espoo, Finland, School of Computing Science, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ, UK and Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, FI-00076 Espoo, Finland, School of Computing Science, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ, UK and Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, FI-00076 Espoo, Finland, School of Computing Science, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ, UK and Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.
Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland Department of Information and Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, 00076 Espoo, Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, School of Pharmacy, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Eastern Finland, 70211 Kuopio and Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University Of Helsinki, 00014 Helsinki, Finland.
Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, 4056, Switzerland and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4056, Switzerland Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, 4056, Switzerland and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4056, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, 4056, Switzerland and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4056, Switzerland Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, 4056, Switzerland and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4056, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, 4056, Switzerland and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4056, Switzerland Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, 4056, Switzerland and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4056, Switzerland.
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden, Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Department of Information and Computer Science, Aalto University, PO Box 15400, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland and Computational Biology, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Archaea Centre, Ole Maaloes Vej 5, DK2200 Copenhagen, Denmark and BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Germany.
Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC 3800, Australia and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC 3800, Australia and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC 3800, Australia and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC 3800, Australia and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Clayton School of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC 3800, Australia and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.
Max-Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences, 04103 Leipzig, Germany and Isthmus SARL, 75002 Paris, France.; Max-Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences, 04103 Leipzig, Germany and Isthmus SARL, 75002 Paris, France.; Max-Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences, 04103 Leipzig, Germany and Isthmus SARL, 75002 Paris, France Max-Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences, 04103 Leipzig, Germany and Isthmus SARL, 75002 Paris, France.
Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA, Departement d'informatique, Ecole Normale Superieure, 45 Rue d'Ulm, F-75230 Paris Cedex 05, France and Department of Electrical Engineering, The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Université de Montréal, Montréal, Quebec H3C 3J7, Canada, LaBRI, Université Bordeaux 1, Bordeaux, France, Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby (BC) V5A 1S6, Canada and Universitá degli Studi di Bergamo, Bergamo 24129 IT, Italy.; Department of Computer Science, Université de Montréal, Montréal, Quebec H3C 3J7, Canada, LaBRI, Université Bordeaux 1, Bordeaux, France, Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby (BC) V5A 1S6, Canada and Universitá degli Studi di Bergamo, Bergamo 24129 IT, Italy Department of Computer Science, Université de Montréal, Montréal, Quebec H3C 3J7, Canada, LaBRI, Université Bordeaux 1, Bordeaux, France, Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby (BC) V5A 1S6, Canada and Universitá degli Studi di Bergamo, Bergamo 24129 IT, Italy.; Department of Computer Science, Université de Montréal, Montréal, Quebec H3C 3J7, Canada, LaBRI, Université Bordeaux 1, Bordeaux, France, Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby (BC) V5A 1S6, Canada and Universitá degli Studi di Bergamo, Bergamo 24129 IT, Italy.; Department of Computer Science, Université de Montréal, Montréal, Quebec H3C 3J7, Canada, LaBRI, Université Bordeaux 1, Bordeaux, France, Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby (BC) V5A 1S6, Canada and Universitá degli Studi di Bergamo, Bergamo 24129 IT, Italy.
Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA 98109, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA 98109, USA.
BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.; BioHealth, Indiana University School of Informatics & Computing, Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA, Computer Science & Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington, TX 76019, USA and Genetics, Community & Family Medicine, Dartmouth Medical School, Lebanon, NH 03756, USA.
Division of Informatics, Department of Pathology, Department of Clinical and Diagnostic Sciences and Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35249, USA.; Division of Informatics, Department of Pathology, Department of Clinical and Diagnostic Sciences and Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35249, USA Division of Informatics, Department of Pathology, Department of Clinical and Diagnostic Sciences and Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35249, USA.; Division of Informatics, Department of Pathology, Department of Clinical and Diagnostic Sciences and Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35249, USA Division of Informatics, Department of Pathology, Department of Clinical and Diagnostic Sciences and Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35249, USA Division of Informatics, Department of Pathology, Department of Clinical and Diagnostic Sciences and Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35249, USA.
Research Unit on Biomedical Informatics, Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona and Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), E08010 Barcelona, Spain.; Research Unit on Biomedical Informatics, Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona and Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), E08010 Barcelona, Spain.; Research Unit on Biomedical Informatics, Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona and Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), E08010 Barcelona, Spain.; Research Unit on Biomedical Informatics, Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona and Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), E08010 Barcelona, Spain.; Research Unit on Biomedical Informatics, Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona and Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), E08010 Barcelona, Spain Research Unit on Biomedical Informatics, Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, E08003 Barcelona and Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), E08010 Barcelona, Spain.
Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology and German Center for Diabetes Research, Helmholtz Center Munich, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology and German Center for Diabetes Research, Helmholtz Center Munich, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.; Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology and German Center for Diabetes Research, Helmholtz Center Munich, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology and German Center for Diabetes Research, Helmholtz Center Munich, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.
Department of Information Engineering (DINFO), Università di Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy, European Laboratory for Nonlinear Spectroscopy (LENS), Università di Firenze, 50019 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy and Integrated Research Centre, Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma, 00128 Rome, Italy.; Department of Information Engineering (DINFO), Università di Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy, European Laboratory for Nonlinear Spectroscopy (LENS), Università di Firenze, 50019 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy and Integrated Research Centre, Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma, 00128 Rome, Italy.; Department of Information Engineering (DINFO), Università di Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy, European Laboratory for Nonlinear Spectroscopy (LENS), Università di Firenze, 50019 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy and Integrated Research Centre, Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma, 00128 Rome, Italy.; Department of Information Engineering (DINFO), Università di Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy, European Laboratory for Nonlinear Spectroscopy (LENS), Università di Firenze, 50019 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy and Integrated Research Centre, Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma, 00128 Rome, Italy.; Department of Information Engineering (DINFO), Università di Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy, European Laboratory for Nonlinear Spectroscopy (LENS), Università di Firenze, 50019 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy and Integrated Research Centre, Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma, 00128 Rome, Italy.; Department of Information Engineering (DINFO), Università di Firenze, 50139 Firenze, Italy, European Laboratory for Nonlinear Spectroscopy (LENS), Università di Firenze, 50019 Sesto Fiorentino, Italy and Integrated Research Centre, Università Campus Bio-Medico di Roma, 00128 Rome, Italy.
School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.; School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.; School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.; School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.; School of Computer Science, Manchester Institute of Biotechnology and Computational and Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Life Sciences, The University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.
Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA, Department of Microbiology and Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Miami University, Oxford, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA, Department of Microbiology and Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Miami University, Oxford, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA, Department of Microbiology and Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Miami University, Oxford, OH, USA Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA, Department of Microbiology and Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Miami University, Oxford, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA, Department of Microbiology and Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Miami University, Oxford, OH, USA.
Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.; Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark Lundbeckfonden Center of Excellence in Nanomedicine NanoCAN, Molecular Oncology, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Human Genetics, Institute of Clinical Research, Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Institute of Public Health and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense, Denmark.
Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Fondazione Bruno Kessler, I-38100 Povo (Trento), Italy, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK and Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.
Department of Genomics of Common Disease, Imperial College London, London W12 0NN, UK and Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD 4072, Australia.; Department of Genomics of Common Disease, Imperial College London, London W12 0NN, UK and Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD 4072, Australia Department of Genomics of Common Disease, Imperial College London, London W12 0NN, UK and Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD 4072, Australia.
Department for Algorithmic Bioinformatics, Heinrich Heine University, Universitätsstr. 1, 40225 Düsseldorf, Germany.; Department for Algorithmic Bioinformatics, Heinrich Heine University, Universitätsstr. 1, 40225 Düsseldorf, Germany.
School of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Biological Chemistry, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.; School of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Biological Chemistry, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.; School of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Biological Chemistry, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.; School of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Biological Chemistry, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.

(ECCB'14 Conference Chair) CNRS-University of Lorraine, Nancy, France.; (ECCB'14 Co-Chair) University of Leuven, Belgium.

School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China School of Information Science and Technology and Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.
Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester, MN 55905 and Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville, FL 32224, USA.
Department of Anaesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Department of Anaesthesia and Critical Care, University of Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.


Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy, Department of Systems Biology, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Technical University of Denmark, Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, 00185 Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy, Department of Systems Biology, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Technical University of Denmark, Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, 00185 Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy, Department of Systems Biology, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Technical University of Denmark, Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, 00185 Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy, Department of Systems Biology, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Technical University of Denmark, Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, 00185 Rome, Italy Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy, Department of Systems Biology, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Technical University of Denmark, Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, 00185 Rome, Italy.
Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, University of California at San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Biomedical Informatics Program, School of Informatics, University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria, Softwarepark 11, 4232 Hagenberg, Austria and Department of Biostatistics and Biomedical Informatics, Duke University, Durham, NC 27710, USA.
CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.; CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.; CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.; CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.; CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.; CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.; CRS4, Polaris, 09010 Pula (CA), Università degli Studi di Cagliari, via Università 40, 09124 Cagliari, Italy and Ruđer Bošković Institute, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.
Institute of Informatics, Silesian University of Technology, Akademicka 16, 44-100 Gliwice, Poland.; Institute of Informatics, Silesian University of Technology, Akademicka 16, 44-100 Gliwice, Poland.; Institute of Informatics, Silesian University of Technology, Akademicka 16, 44-100 Gliwice, Poland.
Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco Center for Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, 10 Shattuck Street, Boston, MA 02115, Department of Pathology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, 330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215, USA and Department of Biology, Mohammed V University-Agal, 4 Ibn Battouta Avenue, Rabat B.P:1014RP, Morocco.
INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.; INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.; INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.; INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.; INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.; INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.; INRIA/IRISA/GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA 16802, USA.
Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.; Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina Centre for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark, Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, Wartik Laboratory, University Park, PA 16802, Centre for Theoretical Evolutionary Genomics, Departments of Integrative Biology and Statistics, University of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3140, Ancestry.com DNA LLC, San Francisco, CA 94107, Department of Archaeology, Environment and Community Planning Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, La Trobe University, Melbourne, VIC 3086, Australia, INCUAPA-CONICET, Universidad del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires, 7600 Olavarría, Argentina and Facultad de Ciencias Naturales y Museo de La Plata, 1900 La Plata, Argentina.
Departamento de Microbiología, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas del Instituto Politécnico Nacional, Mexico City, Mexico.; Departamento de Microbiología, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas del Instituto Politécnico Nacional, Mexico City, Mexico.; Departamento de Microbiología, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas del Instituto Politécnico Nacional, Mexico City, Mexico.; Departamento de Microbiología, Escuela Nacional de Ciencias Biológicas del Instituto Politécnico Nacional, Mexico City, Mexico.
Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.; Department of Medical and Surgical Sciences, University of Bologna, 40138 Bologna, Department of Biosciences, University of Milan, 20133 Milan, Department of Biosciences, Biotechnologies and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Department of Sciences and Technologies, University of Sannio, 82100 Benevento, Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, National Research Council, 70126 Bari, National Institute of Biostructures and Biosystems, 00136 Rome and Center of Excellence in Genomics for Biomedicine and Agri-food (CEGBA), University of Bari, 70126 Bari, Italy.
Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, UK Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden, Swedish eScience Research Center, Stockholm, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-106 91 Stockholm, Sweden, Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain, EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK, Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland, SwissProt, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA and Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, and Department of Computer Science, University College London, Gower St, London
EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Institute of Healthy Ageing and Department of Genetics Evolution and Environment, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Institute of Healthy Ageing and Department of Genetics Evolution and Environment, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Institute of Healthy Ageing and Department of Genetics Evolution and Environment, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK, Institute of Healthy Ageing and Department of Genetics Evolution and Environment, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.
Gene Center, LMU Munich, Feodor-Lynen-Strasse 25, 81377, Munich and Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Gene Center, LMU Munich, Feodor-Lynen-Strasse 25, 81377, Munich and Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Gene Center, LMU Munich, Feodor-Lynen-Strasse 25, 81377, Munich and Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany Gene Center, LMU Munich, Feodor-Lynen-Strasse 25, 81377, Munich and Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.
School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.; School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK School of Chemistry, University of Bristol, Cantock's Close, BS8 1TS and School of Biochemistry, University of Bristol, Medical Sciences Building, University Walk, BS8 1TD, Bristol, UK.
Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.; Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.; Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.; Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine; Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.; Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, i3 Institute, University of Technology, Sydney, PO Box 123 Broadway NSW 2007, Australia, Department of Microbial Pathogenesis, University of Maryland Dental School, Baltimore, MD 21201, Center for Health-Related Informatics and Bioimaging, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20740 and Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.
Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, Prague 12800, Czech Republic.; Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, Prague 12800, Czech Republic.; Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, Prague 12800, Czech Republic.; Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, Prague 12800, Czech Republic.; Institute of Cellular Biology and Pathology, First Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, Prague 12800, Czech Republic.
Department of Cancer Research and Molecular Medicine and Department of Computer and Information Science, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, N-7489 Trondheim, Norway.; Department of Cancer Research and Molecular Medicine and Department of Computer and Information Science, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, N-7489 Trondheim, NorwayDepartment of Cancer Research and Molecular Medicine and Department of Computer and Information Science, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, N-7489 Trondheim, Norway.
Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611.; Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611.; Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611 Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611.; Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611.; Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611.; Department of Preventive Medicine, Division of Biostatistics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, Sarah W. Stedman Nutrition and Metabolism Center, Duke Molecular Physiology Institute and Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Nutrition, Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27704 and Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Metabolism, and Molecular Medicine, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611.
Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138671, Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore 119077, School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore 639798 and p53 Laboratory, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138648, Republic of Singapore.; Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138671, Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore 119077, School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore 639798 and p53 Laboratory, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138648, Republic of Singapore Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138671, Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore 119077, School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore 639798 and p53 Laboratory, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138648, Republic of Singapore Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138671, Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore 119077, School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore 639798 and p53 Laboratory, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138648, Republic of Singapore.; Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138671, Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore 119077, School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore 639798 and p53 Laboratory, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138648, Republic of Singapore Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138671, Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore 119077, School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore 639798 and p53 Laboratory, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138648, Republic of Singapore.
Systematic Biology, Department of Organismal Biology, Evolutionary Biology Centre, Uppsala University, Uppsala 75236, Sweden.
The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USA.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USA.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USA.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USAThe Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USA.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USAThe Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USAThe Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-803; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USAThe Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-8036, Austria, Synlab Academy, Synlab Services GmbH, Mannheim D-68165, Germany, Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology, George Wise Faculty of Life Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel and International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA 94704, USAThe Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, V Department of Medicine (Nephrology, Hypertensiology, Endocrinology, Diabetology, Rheumatology), Medical Faculty of Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim D-68167, Germany, Zora Biosciences Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland, Medical School, University of Tampere, Tampere 33104, Finland, Clinical Institute of Medical and Chemical Laboratory Diagnostics, Medical University of Graz, Graz A-803
Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USACentre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USACentre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.; Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.; Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USACentre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.; Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USACentre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USACentre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, Fontainebleau F-77300, Institut Curie, U900, INSERM, Paris, F-75248, France, Department of Genome Sciences and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.
Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, SI-1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia and Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, SI-1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia and Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USAFaculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, SI-1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia and Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Department of Computing, Imperial College London SW7 2AZ, UK.; Department of Computing, Imperial College London SW7 2AZ, UK.; Department of Computing, Imperial College London SW7 2AZ, UK.


Department of Pharmacy, University of Science and Technology Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Department of Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, University of Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Department of Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, University of Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Department of Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, University of Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Department of Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, University of Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering Discipline, Khulna University, Khulna, Bangladesh.
Inria/IRISA GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes cedex, France, INRA, UMR 1349 Institut de Génétique, Environnement et Protection des Plantes, Domaine de la Motte - 35653 Le Rheu Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA, USA.; Inria/IRISA GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes cedex, France, INRA, UMR 1349 Institut de Génétique, Environnement et Protection des Plantes, Domaine de la Motte - 35653 Le Rheu Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA, USA.; Inria/IRISA GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes cedex, France, INRA, UMR 1349 Institut de Génétique, Environnement et Protection des Plantes, Domaine de la Motte - 35653 Le Rheu Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA, USA.; Inria/IRISA GenScale, Campus de Beaulieu, 35042 Rennes cedex, France, INRA, UMR 1349 Institut de Génétique, Environnement et Protection des Plantes, Domaine de la Motte - 35653 Le Rheu Cedex, France and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pennsylvania State University, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, C.so Svizzera 185, 10149 Torino, Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, Via Nizza 52, 10126 Torino, Department of Translational Medicine, University of Piemonte Orientale Avogadro, Novara, Unit of Cancer Epidemiology, Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Department of Computational and Quantitative Biology, UMR 7238 CNRS - Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France and Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Udine, Italy.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, The University of Pittsburgh Drug Discovery Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15260 and Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Faculty of Life Science, Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University, Santosh, Tangail, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Faculty of Life Science, Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University, Santosh, Tangail, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Faculty of Life Science, Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University, Santosh, Tangail, Bangladesh.; Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering Discipline, Life Science School, Khulna University, Khulna, Bangladesh.

Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics and Department of Molecular Biology, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.; Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics and Department of Molecular Biology, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics and Department of Molecular Biology, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.
Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Epidemiology, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, 200 First Street SW, Rochester MN 55905 and Department of Cancer Biology, Mayo Clinic, 4500 San Pablo Road South, Jacksonville FL 32224, USA.
Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute, Beutenbergstraße 11a, 07745 Jena, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute, Beutenbergstraße 11a, 07745 Jena, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute, Beutenbergstraße 11a, 07745 Jena, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute, Beutenbergstraße 11a, 07745 Jena, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute, Beutenbergstraße 11a, 07745 Jena, Germany.
Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome 00185, Italy, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Department of Systems Biology, Technical University of Denmark, Anker Engelunds Vej 1, 2800 Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Rome 00185, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome 00185, Italy, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Department of Systems Biology, Technical University of Denmark, Anker Engelunds Vej 1, 2800 Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Rome 00185, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome 00185, Italy, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Department of Systems Biology, Technical University of Denmark, Anker Engelunds Vej 1, 2800 Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Rome 00185, Italy Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome 00185, Italy, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Department of Systems Biology, Technical University of Denmark, Anker Engelunds Vej 1, 2800 Lyngby, Denmark and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Rome 00185, Italy.
Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Johann Bernoulli Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Groningen, 9700 AK Groningen, The Netherlands, University of California, Irvine, CA 92617, Department of Physics and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Busch Campus, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08854, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.
IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.; IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Computational Biology Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10003, USA, Philip Morris International R&D, Philip Morris Products S.A., 2000 Neuchâtel, Switzerland, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine, Via Pietro Castellino, 111, 80131 Naples, Italy, ProtATonce Ltd, Scientific Park Lefkippos, Patriarchou Grigoriou & Neapoleos 15343 Ag. Paraskevi, Attiki and National Technical University of Athens, Heroon Polytechniou 9, Zografou 15780, Greece.
RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.; RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.; RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.; RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA RNA Therapeutics Institute, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Department of Biochemistry & Molecular Pharmacology and Program in Bioinformatics and Integrative Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, 368 Plantation Street, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.
Department of Biomarkers, Nutrition and Metabolism Section, International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), F-69372 Cedex 08, Lyon, France.; Department of Biomarkers, Nutrition and Metabolism Section, International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), F-69372 Cedex 08, Lyon, France.; Department of Biomarkers, Nutrition and Metabolism Section, International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), F-69372 Cedex 08, Lyon, France.
Design of Biological Systems, Systems Biology, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Advanced Light Microscopy Unit, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, and Laboratory for Experimental Biophysics, Institute for Physics of Biological Systems, School of Basic Sciences, Swiss Federal School of Technology, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland Design of Biological Systems, Systems Biology, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Advanced Light Microscopy Unit, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, and Laboratory for Experimental Biophysics, Institute for Physics of Biological Systems, School of Basic Sciences, Swiss Federal School of Technology, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Design of Biological Systems, Systems Biology, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Advanced Light Microscopy Unit, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, and Laboratory for Experimental Biophysics, Institute for Physics of Biological Systems, School of Basic Sciences, Swiss Federal School of Technology, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Design of Biological Systems, Systems Biology, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, Advanced Light Microscopy Unit, Center for Genomic Regulation, Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Spain, and Laboratory for Experimental Biophysics, Institute for Physics of Biological Systems, School of Basic Sciences, Swiss Federal School of Technology, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Disease Genomics and Individualized Medicine Laboratory, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia. xin.gao@kaust.edu.sa
Computational Systems Biology Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and Institute of Bioinformatics, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602, USA.
Cancer Research UK London Research Institute, Clare Hall Laboratories, South Mimms EN6 3LD, United Kingdom. tomas.lindahl@cancer.org.uk
Department of Computer Science, Middlesex College, The University of Western Ontario, London, ON N6A 5B7, Canada.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. chenfei@big.ac.cn
T-Life Research Center and Department of Physics, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.

CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Department of Biology, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA 22904, USA.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Departamento de Biología, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá DC 111321, Colombia.
Academic Medical Center, University of Amsterdam, 1100 DD Amsterdam, The Netherlands. mktitulaer@telfort.nl
State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: zhouqi@ioz.ac.cn.
Centre of Excellence for Advanced Sciences, Informatics and Systems Department, National Research Centre, Cairo 12622, Egypt. Electronic address: mahef@aucegypt.edu.; Centre of Excellence for Advanced Sciences, Informatics and Systems Department, National Research Centre, Cairo 12622, Egypt.; Stem Cells Research Group, Centre of Excellence for Advanced Sciences, Medical Molecular Genetics Department, National Research Centre, Cairo 12622, Egypt.; Biology Department, American University in Cairo (AUC), New Cairo 11211, Egypt; Faculty of Biotechnology, Misr University for Science and Technology (MUST), 6th of October City 16432, Egypt.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Centre of Excellence in Bioinformatics, School of Life Sciences, Pondicherry University, Pondicherry 605014, India.
Bovine Functional Genomics Laboratory, United States Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service USDA-ARS, Beltsville Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville, MD 20705, USA.
State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; College of Life Science, Northeast Agricultural University of China, Harbin 150030, China.
Division of Physiological Chemistry I, Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institute, SE 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Biology and Key Laboratory of Translational Stem Cell Research, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Internal Medicine, University of Iowa Carver College of Medicine, Iowa City, IA 52242, USA. chad-grueter@uiowa.edu
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
National Center for Mathematics and Interdisciplinary Sciences, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China. zsh@amss.ac.cn
College of Life Science, Northeast Agricultural University of China, Harbin 150030, China.
State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
School of Biological Sciences, University of Essex, Wivenhoe Park, Colchester CO4 3SQ, UK. igorc@essex.ac.uk
Department of Basic Medicine, Medical College of Qinghai University, Xining 810016, China.
State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Key Laboratory of Translational Stem Cell Research, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Université de Moncton, Canada.
Department of Immunology and Internal Medicine, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.
Genomic Sciences Postgraduate, Autonomous University of Mexico City (UACM), CP 03100 Mexico City, Mexico.; Genomic Sciences Postgraduate, Autonomous University of Mexico City (UACM), CP 03100 Mexico City, Mexico.; Genomic Sciences Postgraduate, Autonomous University of Mexico City (UACM), CP 03100 Mexico City, Mexico.; Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, National Autonomous University of Mexico, CP 04510 Mexico City, Mexico.; Genomic Sciences Postgraduate, Autonomous University of Mexico City (UACM), CP 03100 Mexico City, Mexico. Electronic address: maria.alvarez@uacm.edu.mx.
Department of Statistics, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia.; Department of Biology, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia.; Department of Biology, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia.; Department of Biology, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia.; Department of Biology, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia.; Department of Molecular Genetics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Department of Molecular Genetics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Department of Biology, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia.; Department of Statistics, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá 111321, Colombia. Electronic address: llopezk@unal.edu.co.
Institute of Genetics, Queen's Medical Centre, University of Nottingham, Nottingham NG7 2UH, UK.
Department of Medicine, Loma Linda University, Loma Linda, CA 92354, USA. Electronic address: xzhang@llu.edu.
Institute of Medical Science and Institute of Medical Genetics, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200025, China.
Department of Cancer Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.; Department of Chemistry, Michigan Technological University, Houghton, MI 49931, USA.; Department of Chemistry, Michigan Technological University, Houghton, MI 49931, USA.; Department of Cancer Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.; Department of Cancer Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01605, USA.; Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Tufts Medical Center, Boston, MA 02111, USA.; Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Tufts Medical Center, Boston, MA 02111, USA.; Proteomics and Mass Spectrometry Facility, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01545, USA.; Proteomics and Mass Spectrometry Facility, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01545, USA.; Proteomics and Mass Spectrometry Facility, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01545, USA.; Department of Cell Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Medical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Karolinska Institute, SE171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Cancer Biology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA 01605, USA. Electronic address: chung-cheng.hsieh@umassmed.edu.
Clinical and Translational Research Center of Shanghai First Maternity and Infant Health Hospital, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Signaling and Disease Research, School of Life Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 200092, China.
Department of Bioinformatics, School of Life Sciences, Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli 620024, India.
Department of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, University of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram 695581, India. Electronic address: geetha@sctimst.ac.in.; Department of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, University of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram 695581, India.
Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
The MOE Key Laboratory of Cell Proliferation and Differentiation, College of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China; Peking-Tsinghua Center for Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.

ISEM, UM2-CNRS-IRD, Place Eugène Bataillon 34095 Montpellier, France, Institut de Biologie Computationnelle (IBC), 95 rue de la Galéra, 34095 Montpellier, France and ELTE-MTA 'Lendület' Biophysics Research Group 1117 Bp., Pázmány P. stny. 1A., Budapest, Hungary ISEM, UM2-CNRS-IRD, Place Eugène Bataillon 34095 Montpellier, France, Institut de Biologie Computationnelle (IBC), 95 rue de la Galéra, 34095 Montpellier, France and ELTE-MTA 'Lendület' Biophysics Research Group 1117 Bp., Pázmány P. stny. 1A., Budapest, Hungary.; ISEM, UM2-CNRS-IRD, Place Eugène Bataillon 34095 Montpellier, France, Institut de Biologie Computationnelle (IBC), 95 rue de la Galéra, 34095 Montpellier, France and ELTE-MTA 'Lendület' Biophysics Research Group 1117 Bp., Pázmány P. stny. 1A., Budapest, Hungary.; ISEM, UM2-CNRS-IRD, Place Eugène Bataillon 34095 Montpellier, France, Institut de Biologie Computationnelle (IBC), 95 rue de la Galéra, 34095 Montpellier, France and ELTE-MTA 'Lendület' Biophysics Research Group 1117 Bp., Pázmány P. stny. 1A., Budapest, Hungary.
Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK and Department of CSE, Pabna University of Science and Technology, Pabna, Bangladesh Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK and Department of CSE, Pabna University of Science and Technology, Pabna, Bangladesh.; Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK and Department of CSE, Pabna University of Science and Technology, Pabna, Bangladesh.; Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK and Department of CSE, Pabna University of Science and Technology, Pabna, Bangladesh.
Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.

National Magnetics Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.; National Magnetics Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.; National Magnetics Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.

School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.; School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.; School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.; School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.; School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.; School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.; School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, NTUA, Zografou 15773, IMIS Institute, 'Athena' RC, Marousi 15125, DIANA-Lab, Institute of Molecular Oncology, BSRC 'Alexander Fleming', Vari 16672, Department of Computer & Communication Engineering, University of Thessaly, Volos 38221, Greece and School of Computer Science & Info Tech, RMIT University, Melbourne 3001, Australia.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Burnett School of Biomedical Science, College of Medicine, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Burnett School of Biomedical Science, College of Medicine, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Burnett School of Biomedical Science, College of Medicine, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.
Department of Informatics and Bio-computing, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, MaRS Centre, South Tower, 101 College Street, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.; Department of Informatics and Bio-computing, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, MaRS Centre, South Tower, 101 College Street, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.; Department of Informatics and Bio-computing, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, MaRS Centre, South Tower, 101 College Street, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 200092, China.; School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China; Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China. Electronic address: sgzhou@fudan.edu.cn.
Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, Peking University People's Hospital, Beijing 100044, China. Electronic address: zcgao@bjmu.edu.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Institute for Medical Systems Biology and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Maoming People's Hospital, Maoming 525000, China.; Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Maoming People's Hospital, Maoming 525000, China.; Maoming People's Hospital, Maoming 525000, China. Electronic address: lye30668@aliyun.com.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China; Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China. Electronic address: raoshaoq@gdmc.edu.cn.
State Key Laboratory of Plant Genomics, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Plant Genomics, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Plant Genomics, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: xjwang@genetics.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: zhangzhang@big.ac.cn.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Beijing 100730, China; Taicang Institute of Life Sciences Information, Taicang 215400, China.; College of Life Sciences and Center for Bioinformatics, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Department of Radiology, Chinese PLA Medical School, Beijing 100853, China.; Department of Health Medicine, Beijing Electric Power Hospital, Beijing 100073, China.; Department of Radiology, Chinese PLA Medical School, Beijing 100853, China. Electronic address: cjr.malin@vip.163.com.
Department of Medicine, Masonic Cancer Center, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA. Electronic address: zengx033@umn.edu.
Institute of Materia Medica, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan 250062, China; School of Medicine and Life Sciences, University of Jinan, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan 250062, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioinformatics Group of Single Cell Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioinformatics Group of Single Cell Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Institute of Materia Medica, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan 250062, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioinformatics Group of Single Cell Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioinformatics Group of Single Cell Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioinformatics Group of Single Cell Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Institute of Materia Medica, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan 250062, China. Electronic address: baihong@gmail.com.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioinformatics Group of Single Cell Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China. Electronic address: ningkang@qibebt.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: husn@big.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: fangxd@big.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: junyu@big.ac.cn.
Department of Genetics, Dr. ALM PG Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, University of Madras, Taramani Campus, Chennai 600113, India.; Department of Genetics, Dr. ALM PG Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, University of Madras, Taramani Campus, Chennai 600113, India.; Department of Genetics, Dr. ALM PG Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, University of Madras, Taramani Campus, Chennai 600113, India. Electronic address: akmunirajan@unom.ac.in.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Center of Alzheimer's Disease, Beijing Institute for Brain Disorders, Beijing 100053, China. Electronic address: leihx@big.ac.cn.
Vaccine Research Institute, INSERM U955, Institut Mondor de Recherche Biomédicale, 94011 Créteil, France; Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France.; Unité de Glycobiologie Structurale et Fonctionnelle - CNRS UMR 8576, Group of NMR and Structural Biology, Université Lille 1, 59655 Villeneuve d'Ascq, France.; Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France.; Unité de Glycobiologie Structurale et Fonctionnelle - CNRS UMR 8576, Neuroplasticity Team, Université Lille 1, 59655 Villeneuve d'Ascq, France.; Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France; CNRS UMR 7224, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005 Paris, France. Electronic address: arndt.benecke@upmc.fr.; Vaccine Research Institute, INSERM U955, Institut Mondor de Recherche Biomédicale, 94011 Créteil, France; Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France.
MOE Key Laboratory of Systems Bioengineering, Department of Biochemical Engineering, School of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Systems Bioengineering, Department of Biochemical Engineering, School of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Systems Bioengineering, Department of Biochemical Engineering, School of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; Department of Physics, School of Science, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; Department of Physics, School of Science, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; Department of Physics, School of Science, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China; Collaborative Innovation Center of Chemical Science and Engineering, Tianjin 300072, China. Electronic address: fgao@tju.edu.cn.
Department of Microbiology, Immunology, and Molecular Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Microbiology, Immunology, and Molecular Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Microbiology, Immunology, and Molecular Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA. Electronic address: yxing@ucla.edu.
West Bengal University of Technology, Kolkata 700064, India.; Department of Biophysics, Molecular Biology & Bioinformatics, University of Calcutta, Kolkata 700009, India.; Department of Biophysics, Molecular Biology & Bioinformatics, University of Calcutta, Kolkata 700009, India.; Department of Biophysics, Molecular Biology & Bioinformatics, University of Calcutta, Kolkata 700009, India. Electronic address: skbmbg@caluniv.ac.in.
Department of Control and Computer Engineering, Politecnico di Torino, Torino 10128, Italy. Electronic address: massimo.natale@polito.it.; Department of Control and Computer Engineering, Politecnico di Torino, Torino 10128, Italy.; Department of Control and Computer Engineering, Politecnico di Torino, Torino 10128, Italy.; Department of Control and Computer Engineering, Politecnico di Torino, Torino 10128, Italy.
Department of Statistics, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Statistics, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA. Electronic address: fliang@stat.tamu.edu.
Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi 110007, India. Electronic address: shwetamehrotra@rediffmail.com.; Department of Botany, University of Delhi, Delhi 110007, India.
Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioenergy Genome Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioenergy Genome Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioenergy Genome Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China.; Shandong Key Laboratory of Energy Genetics, CAS Key Laboratory of Biofuels and Bioenergy Genome Center, Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Qingdao 266101, China. Electronic address: ningkang@qibebt.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: cuipeng1022@gmail.com.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: husn@big.ac.cn.
State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research, School of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research, School of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research, School of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China; Synthetic and Functional Biomolecules Center, Beijing 100871, China; Peking-Tsinghua Center for Life Sciences, Beijing 100871, China. Electronic address: chengqi.yi@pku.edu.cn.
National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China.; National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China.; National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China.; National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China.; National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China. Electronic address: gaoyouhe@pumc.edu.cn.
James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: junyu@big.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: husn@big.ac.cn.
BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; School of Life Sciences, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, NT, Hong Kong SAR 999077, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; Center for Genetic and Genomic Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, First Affiliated Hospital and James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Hangzhou 310006, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China. Electronic address: yix@genomics.cn.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518083, China; Center for Genetic and Genomic Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, First Affiliated Hospital and James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Hangzhou 310006, China; Department of Pathology, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 14642, USA. Electronic address: qiming@genomics.cn.
Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China. Electronic address: yxli@sibs.ac.cn.; Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China. Electronic address: lnchen@sibs.ac.cn.
Molecular Biology and Genetics, Izmir Institute of Technology, Urla, Izmir 35430, Turkey.; Biotechnology, Izmir Institute of Technology, Urla, Izmir 35430, Turkey.; Molecular Biology and Genetics, Izmir Institute of Technology, Urla, Izmir 35430, Turkey; Bionia Incorporated, IZTEKGEB A8, Urla, Izmir 35430, Turkey. Electronic address: jens@allmer.de.
Biological Sciences Division, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; Biological Sciences Division, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA. Electronic address: rhuang@medicine.bsd.uchicago.edu.
Thomas H. Gosnell School of Life Sciences, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY 14623, USA.; B. Thomas Golisano College of Computing & Information Sciences, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY 14623, USA.; Information Technology Services, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY 14623, USA.; Laboratory of Cell Biology, National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20892, USA.; Thomas H. Gosnell School of Life Sciences, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY 14623, USA. Electronic address: fxcsbi@rit.edu.
Institute for Medical Systems Biology, and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; Community Health Service Management Center of Panyu District, Guangzhou 511400, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology, and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Department of Statistical Sciences, School of Mathematics and Computational Science, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510275, China.; Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology, and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology, and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China.; Institute for Medical Systems Biology, and Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Guangdong Medical College, Dongguan 523808, China; Department of Medical Statistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China; Department of Statistical Sciences, School of Mathematics and Computational Science, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510275, China. Electronic address: raoshaoq@gdmc.edu.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: yanjw@big.ac.cn.
Lab of Molecular Genetics of Aging & Tumor, Medical Faculty, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming 650500, China.; Lab of Molecular Genetics of Aging & Tumor, Medical Faculty, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming 650500, China.; Lab of Molecular Genetics of Aging & Tumor, Medical Faculty, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming 650500, China.; Lab of Molecular Genetics of Aging & Tumor, Medical Faculty, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming 650500, China.; Lab of Molecular Genetics of Aging & Tumor, Medical Faculty, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming 650500, China. Electronic address: twr@sina.com.; Lab of Molecular Genetics of Aging & Tumor, Medical Faculty, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming 650500, China. Electronic address: luoyingabc@yahoo.com.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: xiaojf@big.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; National Engineering Research Center for Beijing Biochip Technology and Tsinghua University School of Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Renji Hospital of Shanghai Second Medical University, Shanghai 200001, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University First Hospital, Beijing 100034, China.; Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; National Engineering Research Center for Beijing Biochip Technology and Tsinghua University School of Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; National Engineering Research Center for Beijing Biochip Technology and Tsinghua University School of Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; Beijing Institutes of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York 10029, USA.; Department of Pathology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China.; Shanghai Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine, Shanghai 200025, China.; National Engineering Research Center for Beijing Biochip Technology and Tsinghua University School of Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, MOE Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, Beijing 100142, China. Electronic address: youyonglu@bjmu.edu.cn.
Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa, ON K1S 5B6, Canada.; Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa, ON K1S 5B6, Canada.; Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa, ON K1S 5B6, Canada. Electronic address: kenneth_storey@carleton.ca.
State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; Biological Information College, Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Chongqing 400065, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 102206, China. Electronic address: zhuyunping@gmail.com.
College of Life Sciences and Bioengineering, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing 100044, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; College of Life Sciences and Bioengineering, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing 100044, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; College of Life Sciences and Bioengineering, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing 100044, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Center of Alzheimer's Disease, Beijing Institute for Brain Disorders, Beijing 100053, China. Electronic address: leihx@big.ac.cn.
Core Genomic Facility, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Core Genomic Facility, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Core Genomic Facility, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Core Genomic Facility, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: zhaowm@big.ac.cn.
Leibniz Institute for Age Research - Fritz Lipmann Institute (FLI), 07745 Jena, Germany.; Leibniz Institute for Age Research - Fritz Lipmann Institute (FLI), 07745 Jena, Germany.; Leibniz Institute for Age Research - Fritz Lipmann Institute (FLI), 07745 Jena, Germany; Faculty of Biology and Pharmacy, Friedrich Schiller University of Jena, 07745 Jena, Germany. Electronic address: zqwang@fli-leibniz.de.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: junyu@big.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: zhangzhang@big.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Pathogenic Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Pathogenic Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: czeng@big.ac.cn.
Key Laboratory of Genomics and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Key Laboratory of Genomics and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Jinan Central Hospital, Shandong University, Shandong 250013, China.; Key Laboratory of Genomics and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Key Laboratory of Genomics and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biomembrane and Membrane Biotechnology, Tsinghua-Peking Center for Life Sciences, School of Life Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Key Laboratory of Genomics and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: mishl@big.ac.cn.
Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Information Network Center, Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: ma@im.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: chenrs@sun5.ibp.ac.cn.
Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China; School of Physical Electronics, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu 611731, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China; MOE Key Laboratory of Weak-light Nonlinear Photonics, School of Physics, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: dqwang@cigit.ac.cn.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Technical Service Center of Family Planning and Reproductive Health, National Research Institution for Health and Family Planning, Beijing 100081, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: fangxd@big.ac.cn.
Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA.; Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA.; Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA.; Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA.; Agilent Laboratories, Tel-Aviv, Israel, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, Blue Oak Software and Agilent Laboratories, Santa Clara, CA, USA.
Department of Statistics and Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison WI 53706, USA.; Department of Statistics and Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison WI 53706, USA.
School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, and SynthSys - Systems and Synthetic Biology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK.; School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, and SynthSys - Systems and Synthetic Biology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, and SynthSys - Systems and Synthetic Biology, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK.
Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Research Group, Cancer Research Center (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, Universidad de Salamanca and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Salamanca, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Salamanca, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Research Group, Cancer Research Center (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, Universidad de Salamanca and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Salamanca, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Salamanca, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Research Group, Cancer Research Center (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, Universidad de Salamanca and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Salamanca, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Salamanca, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Research Group, Cancer Research Center (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, Universidad de Salamanca and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Salamanca, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Salamanca, Spain.
California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA.; California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA.; California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA.; California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA.; California Institute of Telecommunications and Technology (Calit2), University of California Irvine, Irvine, CA, USA, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), Bethesda, MD, USA and Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Spring House, PA, USA.
Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, Quantitative Biology Center, and Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University of Tübingen, and CeGaT GmbH, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.
Department of Medicine, Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics, Stanford, CA 94305-5479, USA.
Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rome, Italy, Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rome, Italy, Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy.; Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rome, Italy, Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy.; Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rome, Italy, Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rome, Italy, Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Rome, Italy, Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Sapienza University, Rome, Italy.
Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Idaho and Institute of Bioinformatics and Evolutionary Studies (IBEST), University of Idaho, Moscow, ID, USA.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Idaho and Institute of Bioinformatics and Evolutionary Studies (IBEST), University of Idaho, Moscow, ID, USA Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Idaho and Institute of Bioinformatics and Evolutionary Studies (IBEST), University of Idaho, Moscow, ID, USA.
MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK, Department of Pediatrics, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Centre for Systems, Dynamics and Control, College of Engineering, Mathematics & Physical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter EX4 4QF, UK.; MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK, Department of Pediatrics, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Centre for Systems, Dynamics and Control, College of Engineering, Mathematics & Physical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter EX4 4QF, UK MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK, Department of Pediatrics, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Centre for Systems, Dynamics and Control, College of Engineering, Mathematics & Physical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter EX4 4QF, UK.; MRC Human Genetics Unit, IGMM, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH4 2XU, UK, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK, Department of Pediatrics, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA, Centre for Systems, Dynamics and Control, College of Engineering, Mathematics & Physical Sciences, University of Exeter, Exeter EX4 4QF, UK.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.
Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Research Group Computational Biology, Martinsried, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Research Group Computational Biology, Martinsried, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Research Group Computational Biology, Martinsried, Germany.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA, Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and Department of Structural Biology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA, Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and Department of Structural Biology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA, Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and Department of Structural Biology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA, Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and Department of Structural Biology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA, Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and Department of Structural Biology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA, Department of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and Department of Structural Biology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot 76100, Israel.
Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA Joint Carnegie Mellon/University of Pittsburgh PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, Computational Biology Branch, National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA, Section of Cancer Genomics, Genetics Branch, Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Institut Pasteur, Viral Populations and Pathogenesis, CNRS URA 3015, Paris, France and Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.
Bioinformatics Research Laboratory, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Cyprus, CY 1678, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Research Laboratory, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Cyprus, CY 1678, Nicosia, Cyprus.
Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK.; Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London, UK.
Department of Immunology, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia.; Australian Phenomics Facility, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Department of Immunology, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia, Department of Immunology, The Canberra Hospital, Canberra, ACT 2605, Australia.; Department of Immunology, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia, Rammaciotti Immunisation Genomics Laboratory, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia and.; Department of Immunology, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia.; Australian Phenomics Facility, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Department of Immunology, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia.; Department of Immunology, John Curtin School of Medical Research, Australian National University, Canberra City, ACT 2601, Australia, Immunogenomics Group, Immunology Research Program, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW 2010, Australia.


Institute of Computer Science and Universitätszentrum Informatik, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Halle (Saale), Germany.; Institute of Computer Science and Universitätszentrum Informatik, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Halle (Saale), Germany, German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany and.; Institute for Biosafety in Plant Biotechnology, Julius Kühn-Institut (JKI) - Federal Research Centre for Cultivated Plants, Quedlinburg, Germany.
Department of Information Technology, Ghent University - iMinds, Gaston Crommenlaan 8 bus 201, 9050 Ghent, Belgium, ExaScience Life Lab, Kapeldreef 75, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; ExaScience Life Lab, Kapeldreef 75, 3001 Leuven, Belgium, Janssen Research & Development, a division of Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V., 2340 Beerse, Belgium.; ExaScience Life Lab, Kapeldreef 75, 3001 Leuven, Belgium, Imec, Kapeldreef 75, 3001 Leuven, Belgium, and.; ExaScience Life Lab, Kapeldreef 75, 3001 Leuven, Belgium, Intel Corporation Belgium.; Department of Information Technology, Ghent University - iMinds, Gaston Crommenlaan 8 bus 201, 9050 Ghent, Belgium, ExaScience Life Lab, Kapeldreef 75, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.
Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany and.; Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany and.; Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany and Department of informatics, Institute of Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.
Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany, Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, University of Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany.; Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany, Centre for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany, Centre for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark and Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
IEETA and.; IEETA and DETI, University of Aveiro, Campus Universitário de Santiago, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal.; IEETA and.; IEETA and DETI, University of Aveiro, Campus Universitário de Santiago, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal.; IEETA and DETI, University of Aveiro, Campus Universitário de Santiago, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal.
California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology (Calit2), University of California, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Notre Dame, IN 46556, USA and.; Department of Computing, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK.
Department of Statistics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA, Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA.; Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA.; Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA.; Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA.; Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA.; Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA, Department of Cell and Regenerative Biology, University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health, Madison, WI, USA, Department of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA, USA and.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA.; Regenerative Biology, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA.
School of Social and Community Medicine, University of Bristol, UK and.; School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, UK.; School of Social and Community Medicine, University of Bristol, UK and.
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada, Department of Medicine, Division of Clinical Pharmacology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA and School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47401, USA.
Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Algorithmic Biology Laboratory, St. Petersburg Academic University, St. Petersburg, Russia, Bioinformatics Program, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA and Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA Department of Computer Science, Inter-Departmental Program in Bioinformatics, Department of Human Genetics and Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics and Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics and Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics and Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics and Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics and Department of Family Medicine and Community Health, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.
Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia and Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia and Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia and Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ 85259, USA and Center for Environmental Security, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287-5904, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA and Department of Mathematics, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA and Department of Mathematics, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA and Department of Mathematics, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA and Department of Mathematics, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA and Department of Mathematics, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA and Department of Mathematics, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.
Center for Computational Molecular Biology and Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.; Center for Computational Molecular Biology and Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.; Center for Computational Molecular Biology and Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.; Center for Computational Molecular Biology and Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80526, USA, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Finland and Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80526, USA, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Finland and Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80526, USA, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Finland and Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 80526, USA, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Finland and Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.
Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794-4400, USA and.; Department Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Ave., Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Biomedical Engineering, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester and.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester and.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester and Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA, USA.
Department of Mathematics, University of Trento, Trento, Italy, The Microsoft Research-University of Trento Centre for Computational and Systems Biology.; Microsoft Research Cambridge and Department of Computer Science, University of Oxford.
GenNYsis Center for Excellence in Cancer Genomics, Department of Epidemiology & Biostatistics, State University of New York at Albany, Rensselaer, 12144-3456, USA.
Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, Department of Computer Science, University of California Berkeley, Berkeley and Department of Medicine, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.
Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA Computer Science Department, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA, Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA and C. Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri, 65211, USA.
Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.; Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China Indiana University School of Informatics and Computing, Department of Computer and Information Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, Purdue University Center for Cancer Research, West Lafayette, IN 47906 and Institute of Biopharmaceutical Informatics and Technology, Wenzhou Medical University, WenZhou, Zhe Jiang Province, China.
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland, The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan, JST, PRESTO, Japan and Department of Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.


Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences, Hamadan 65175-4171, Iran.; Research Center for Molecular Medicine, Department of Molecular Medicine and Genetics, School of Medicine, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences, Hamadan 651783-8695, Iran.; Department of Statistics, Bu-Ali Sina University, Hamadan 65175-4171, Iran.; Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences, Hamadan 65175-4171, Iran; Modeling of Noncommunicable Diseases Research Center, School of Public Health, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences, Hamadan 65178-38695, Iran.; Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences, Hamadan 65175-4171, Iran; Research Center for Health Sciences, School of Public Health, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences, Hamadan 65175-4171, Iran. Electronic address: mahjub@umsha.ac.ir.
Biomedical Informatics Centre, National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases, Kolkata 700010, India.; Bioinformatics Centre, Bose Institute, Kolkata 700054, India. Electronic address: ssaha4@jcbose.ac.in.; Biomedical Informatics Centre, National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases, Kolkata 700010, India; Division of Clinical Medicine, National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases, Kolkata 700010, India. Electronic address: dasss@icmr.org.in.
Department of Microbiology, University of Dhaka, Dhaka 1000, Bangladesh.; Department of Microbiology, University of Dhaka, Dhaka 1000, Bangladesh.; Department of Microbiology, University of Dhaka, Dhaka 1000, Bangladesh.; Department of Microbiology, University of Dhaka, Dhaka 1000, Bangladesh. Electronic address: hossaina@du.ac.bd.
Chair for Clinical Bioinformatics, Saarland University, University Hospital, Saarbrücken 66123, Germany.; Chair for Clinical Bioinformatics, Saarland University, University Hospital, Saarbrücken 66123, Germany.; Department of Human Genetics, Saarland University, University Hospital, Homburg 66421, Germany.; Department of Human Genetics, Saarland University, University Hospital, Homburg 66421, Germany.; Chair for Clinical Bioinformatics, Saarland University, University Hospital, Saarbrücken 66123, Germany. Electronic address: andreas.keller@ccb.uni-saarland.de.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, Terre Haute, IN 47803, USA.; Department of Math and Computer Science, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN 47809, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Biology, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN 47809, USA; The Center for Genomic Advocacy, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN 47809, USA.; Department of Biology, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN 47809, USA; The Center for Genomic Advocacy, Indiana State University, Terre Haute, IN 47809, USA. Electronic address: Yongsheng.Bai@indstate.edu.
Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Research Group on Integrative Biomedical Informatics, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Neurobiology of Behaviour Research Group (GReNeC), IMIM, DCEXS, UPF and Institute of Neuropsychiatry and Addiction, Parc de Salut Mar, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08003, Spain.
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.


Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Georges-Köhler-Allee 106, 79110 Freiburg, Germany, Center for Biological Signaling Studies (BIOSS), University of Freiburg, Germany, Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany and Center for non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Grønnegårdsvej 3, DK-1870 Frederiksberg C, Denmark.
Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China.; Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China.; Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China, College of Life Sciences, Capital Normal University, Beijing 100048, China and.; Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China.; College of Life Sciences, Shihezi University, Shihezi 832003, China.; Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China.; Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China.
School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, AH230027, China.; School of Life Science and.; School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, AH230027, China, Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, AH230037, China.; School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, AH230027, China, Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, AH230037, China.

Department of Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32610, USA and Genetics Institute, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32610, USA.; Department of Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32610, USA and Genetics Institute, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32610, USA.
Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing Technology, CAS, Beijing 100190, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049.; National Center for Mathematics and Interdisciplinary Sciences, Key Laboratory of Random Complex Structures and Data Science, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190 and.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing Technology, CAS, Beijing 100190, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing Technology, CAS, Beijing 100190, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing Technology, CAS, Beijing 100190.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing Technology, CAS, Beijing 100190.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, National Engineering Research Center for Protein Drugs, Beijing Proteome Research Center, National Center for Protein Sciences Beijing, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, National Engineering Research Center for Protein Drugs, Beijing Proteome Research Center, National Center for Protein Sciences Beijing, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, National Engineering Research Center for Protein Drugs, Beijing Proteome Research Center, National Center for Protein Sciences Beijing, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 102206, China.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing Technology, CAS, Beijing 100190.
State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China, Collaborative Innovation Center of High Performance Computing, National University of Defense Technology, Changsha 410073, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangzhou 510060, China.; Fraunhofer Institute for Toxicology and Experimental Medicine, Project Group Personalized Tumor Therapy, 93053 Regensburg, Germany and.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510275, China, Collaborative Innovation Center of High Performance Computing, National University of Defense Technology, Changsha 410073, China, Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangzhou 510060, China.
Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences, ETH Zurich, 8093, Zurich, Switzerland and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences, ETH Zurich, 8093, Zurich, Switzerland and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences, ETH Zurich, 8093, Zurich, Switzerland and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy and.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy and.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, 00185 Rome, Italy and Istituto Pasteur-Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Viale Regina Elena 291, 00161 Rome, Italy.
MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and.; Department of Molecular and Cell Biology, Center for Systems Biology, The University of Texas, Richardson, TX 75080-3021, USA MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China and.
Wageningen UR Plant Breeding, 6700 AA Wageningen, The Netherlands, Research and Innovation Centre, Fondazione Edmund Mach, Trento, Italy, Graduate School Experimental Plant Sciences, Wageningen University, 6700 AJ Wageningen, The Netherlands and.; Research and Innovation Centre, Fondazione Edmund Mach, Trento, Italy, Wageningen UR Plant Breeding, 6700 AA Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Research and Innovation Centre, Fondazione Edmund Mach, Trento, Italy.; Wageningen UR Plant Breeding, 6700 AA Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Wageningen UR Plant Breeding, 6700 AA Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Research and Innovation Centre, Fondazione Edmund Mach, Trento, Italy.; IRTA, Centre de Recerca en Agrigenómica CSIC-IRTA-UAB, Beellaterra (Cerdanyola del Vallés), 08193 Barcelona, Spain.; Research and Innovation Centre, Fondazione Edmund Mach, Trento, Italy.; IRTA, Centre de Recerca en Agrigenómica CSIC-IRTA-UAB, Beellaterra (Cerdanyola del Vallés), 08193 Barcelona, Spain.; Research and Innovation Centre, Fondazione Edmund Mach, Trento, Italy.; Wageningen UR Plant Breeding, 6700 AA Wageningen, The Netherlands.
University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Institute for Molecular Medicine, Tukholmankatu 8, FI-00290, Helsinki, Finland.
Department of Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, 93053 Regensburg, Germany.; Department of Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, 93053 Regensburg, Germany.; Department of Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, 93053 Regensburg, Germany.
Department of Information Technology (INTEC), Ghent University-iMinds, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB and Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Information Technology (INTEC), Ghent University-iMinds, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB and Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Information Technology (INTEC), Ghent University-iMinds, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Information Technology (INTEC), Ghent University-iMinds, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Information Technology (INTEC), Ghent University-iMinds, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB and Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Information Technology (INTEC), Ghent University-iMinds, Ghent, Belgium.
National Laboratory of Scientific Computing, Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Institute of Computing, Fluminense Federal University, Niterói, Brazil.
Institute for Research in Biomedicine, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.; Joint BSC-IRB Research Program in Computational Biology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain ; Barcelona Supercomputing Center, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain ; Joint BSC-IRB Research Program in Computational Biology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain ; Barcelona Supercomputing Center, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain ; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.; Joint BSC-IRB Research Program in Computational Biology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain ; Barcelona Supercomputing Center, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain ; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, POSTECH, Pohang, South Korea and.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, POSTECH, Pohang, South Korea and.
Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, Computational Bioscience Research Center.; Biological and Environmental Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Inserm U1054, Centre de Biochimie Structurale and CNRS UMR5048, Universités Montpellier 1 & 2, Montpellier, France.; Inserm U1054, Centre de Biochimie Structurale and CNRS UMR5048, Universités Montpellier 1 & 2, Montpellier, France.; Computational Bioscience Research Center, Biological and Environmental Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, Computational Bioscience Research Center.
Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology Department, Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet, Bangladesh ; Division of Microbiology, Department of Infectious Diseases, Faculty of Medicine, University of Miyazaki, Miyazaki, Japan.; Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology Department, Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology Department, Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Department, Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet, Bangladesh ; Division of Microbiology, Department of Infectious Diseases, Faculty of Medicine, University of Miyazaki, Miyazaki, Japan.; Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology Department, Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology Department, Shahjalal University of Science and Technology, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Pharmacy, East West University, Aftabnagar, Bangladesh.; Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Department, Jahangirnagar University, Savar, Bangladesh ; Division of Parasitology, Department of Infectious Diseases, Faculty of Medicine, University of Miyazaki, Miyazaki, Japan.
Department of Computational Genomics, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe.; Departamento de Informática, Universidad de Valencia and.; Departamento de Informática, Universidad de Valencia and.; DISCA, Universidad Politécnica de Valencia, Valencia, Spain.; Department of Computational Genomics, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe.; Department of Computational Genomics, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe.
Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.
Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.; Regeneron Genetics Center, Tarrytown, NY 10591, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, M5S 2E4, Toronto, ON, Canada, Donnelly Centre for Cellular & Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, M5S 3E1, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, M5S 2E4, Toronto, ON, Canada, Department of Computer Engineering, Antalya International University, 07190, Antalya, Turkey.; Department of Computer Engineering, Antalya International University, 07190, Antalya, Turkey.; Donnelly Centre for Cellular & Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, M5S 3E1, Toronto, ON, Canada, Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, M5S 1A8, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Unidad de Investigación Médica en Bioquímica, Hospital de Especialidades, IMSS, 06720, Mexico City, Mexico.; Unidad de Investigación Médica en Bioquímica, Hospital de Especialidades, IMSS, 06720, Mexico City, Mexico.; Unidad de Investigación Médica en Bioquímica, Hospital de Especialidades, IMSS, 06720, Mexico City, Mexico.; Unidad de Investigación en Epidemiología Clínica, Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, Mexico City, Mexico.; Department of Anthropology, University of Toronto, L5L 1C6, Mississauga, ON, Canada.; Donnelly Centre for Cellular & Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, M5S 3E1, Toronto, ON, Canada, Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, M5S 1A8, Toronto, ON, Canada, Genetics and Genome Biology, Hospital for Sick Children, M5G 0A4, Toronto, ON, Canada and Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, M5G 1L6, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, M5S 2E4, Toronto, ON, Canada, Genetics and Genome Biology, Hospital for Sick Children, M5G 0A4, Toronto, ON, Canada and.
Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23298, USA.


Sorbonne Universités, UPMC Univ-Paris 6, CNRS, UMR 7238, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative, 15 rue de l'Ecole de Médecine, 75006 Paris.; CNRS, UMR 7606, Laboratoire d'Informatique de Paris 6, 75005 Paris, France and COPPE-UFRJ, Programa de Engenharia de Sistemas e Computação, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; COPPE-UFRJ, Programa de Engenharia de Sistemas e Computação, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Sorbonne Universités, UPMC Univ-Paris 6, CNRS, UMR 7238, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative, 15 rue de l'Ecole de Médecine, 75006 Paris, Institut Universitaire de France, 75005 Paris.
ETH Zurich ID SIS and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.; ETH Zurich D-BSSE and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 4058 Basel, Switzerland and Life Science Zurich PhD Program on Molecular and Translational Biomedicine and Competence Center for Personalized Medicine, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.; ETH Zurich ID SIS and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.; ETH Zurich ID SIS and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.; ETH Zurich ID SIS and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.; ETH Zurich D-BSSE and Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 4058 Basel, Switzerland and.
Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka, 565-0871, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka, 565-0871, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka, 565-0871, Japan.
Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC H3T 1E2, Canada, Ludmer Center for Neuroinformatics and Mental Health.; Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC H3T 1E2, Canada, Ludmer Center for Neuroinformatics and Mental Health.; Divisions of Rheumatology and Clinical Epidemiology, McGill University Health Centre, McGill University, Montreal, QC H4A 3J1, Canada.; ECOGENE-21, Centre intégré universitaire de santé et de service sociaux du Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, QC G8H 3P7, Canada, Department of Biochemistry, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Occupational Health, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1A2, Canada.; Division of Experimental Medicine, McGill University Health Centre, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1A3, Canada.; Department of Biostatistics, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Occupational Health, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1A2, Canada.; Department of Population Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA, Department of Medicine, Division of Endocrinology, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC H3T 1E2, Canada, Department of Medicine, McGill University Health Center, Montreal, QC H4A 3J1, Canada.; Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Child, and Brain Development Program, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada, Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, Child and Family Research Institute, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada, Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6H 3N1, Canada.; Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Occupational Health, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1A2, Canada.; Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, Child and Family Research Institute, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada, Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6H 3N1, Canada.; Ludmer Center for Neuroinformatics and Mental Health, Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, Child, and Brain Development Program, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada, Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, Child and Family Research Institute, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada, Douglas Mental Health University Institute, McGill University, Montreal, QC H4H 1R3, Canada, Departments of Psychiatry, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada H3A 1A1, Department of Neurology and Neurosurgery, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 2B4, Canada.; Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, Child and Family Research Institute, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada, Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6H 3N1, Canada.; Douglas Mental Health University Institute, McGill University, Montreal, QC H4H 1R3, Canada.; Department of Human Genetics, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1B1, Canada and.; Centre for Child and Family Studies, Leiden University, Leiden 2300 RB, The Netherlands.; Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC H3T 1E2, Canada, Ludmer Center for Neuroinformatics and Mental Health.; Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC H3T 1E2, Canada, Department of Biochemistry, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada, Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Occupational Health, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1A2, Canada, Department of Human Genetics, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 1B1, Canada and.
Laboratory of Biomolecular Research, Paul Scherrer Institute, OFLC/110, 5232 Villigen PSI, Department of Biology, ETH Zurich, 8093 Zurich, Switzerland.; Laboratory of Biomolecular Research, Paul Scherrer Institute, OFLC/110, 5232 Villigen PSI, Department of Biology, ETH Zurich, 8093 Zurich, Switzerland.; Laboratory of Biomolecular Research, Paul Scherrer Institute, OFLC/110, 5232 Villigen PSI.; Laboratory of Biomolecular Research, Paul Scherrer Institute, OFLC/110, 5232 Villigen PSI, Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Program, UC San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, National Center for Biotechnology Information, NIH, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA and.; Laboratory of Biomolecular Research, Paul Scherrer Institute, OFLC/110, 5232 Villigen PSI, Department of Computer Science, ETH Zurich, 8092 Zurich, Switzerland.
Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China.; School of Physical Electronics, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu 611731, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Weak-light Nonlinear Photonics, School of Physics, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Multi-scale Manufacturing Technology, Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chongqing 400714, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.
Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China, Stanford Chemistry, Engineering & Medicine for Human Health (ChEM-H).; Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Department of Bioengineering and.; Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Bioinformatics Division, Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, TNLIST/Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Stanford Chemistry, Engineering & Medicine for Human Health (ChEM-H), Department of Bioengineering and Department of Chemical and Systems Biology, Stanford University, 443 Via Ortega, Shriram Center 376, Stanford, CA 94305-4125, USA.
Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Campus E1.4, 66123 Saarbrücken and Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, 66123 Saarbrücken Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Campus E1.4, 66123 Saarbrücken and Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, 66123 Saarbrücken.; Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Campus E1.4, 66123 Saarbrücken and Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, 66123 Saarbrücken.
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Switzerland, Analytical and Translational Genetics Unit, Department of Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA, Program in Medical and Population Genetics and Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA, Department of Neurology and Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.
Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Bioinformatics Group, University of Potsdam and Max-Planck Institute for Molecular Plant Physiology, Potsdam, Germany and Computational Systems Biology Group, School of Engineering and Science, Jacobs University Bremen, Bremen, Germany Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Bioinformatics Group, University of Potsdam and Max-Planck Institute for Molecular Plant Physiology, Potsdam, Germany and Computational Systems Biology Group, School of Engineering and Science, Jacobs University Bremen, Bremen, Germany.; Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Bioinformatics Group, University of Potsdam and Max-Planck Institute for Molecular Plant Physiology, Potsdam, Germany and Computational Systems Biology Group, School of Engineering and Science, Jacobs University Bremen, Bremen, Germany.; Genome Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Bioinformatics Group, University of Potsdam and Max-Planck Institute for Molecular Plant Physiology, Potsdam, Germany and Computational Systems Biology Group, School of Engineering and Science, Jacobs University Bremen, Bremen, Germany.
Department of Computer Science and Department of Statistics and Actuarial Science, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer Science and Department of Statistics and Actuarial Science, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer Science and Department of Statistics and Actuarial Science, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON, Canada.
Lab of Information Management, Changzhou University, Jiangsu 213164, China, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798, Singapore, Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China and Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China Lab of Information Management, Changzhou University, Jiangsu 213164, China, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798, Singapore, Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China and Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China.; Lab of Information Management, Changzhou University, Jiangsu 213164, China, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798, Singapore, Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China and Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China.; Lab of Information Management, Changzhou University, Jiangsu 213164, China, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798, Singapore, Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China and Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China.; Lab of Information Management, Changzhou University, Jiangsu 213164, China, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798, Singapore, Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China and Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China.; Lab of Information Management, Changzhou University, Jiangsu 213164, China, School of Computer Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 639798, Singapore, Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China and Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China.
INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France.; INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France.; INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France.; INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France.; INRIA Grenoble-Rhône-Alpes, 655 Avenue de l'Europe, Montbonnot, 38334 Saint-Ismier Cedex, France, IAE Grenoble, Université Pierre-Mendès-France, Domaine universitaire BP 47, Grenoble Cedex 9, 38040 Saint Martin d'Hères, France and Laboratoire Interdisciplinaire de Physique (CNRS UMR 5588), Université Joseph Fourier, 140 Avenue de la physique BP 87, 38402 Saint Martin d'Hères, France.
Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280, USA, Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-32800, USA, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7290, USA and Curriculum of Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280, USA, Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-32800, USA, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7290, USA and Curriculum of Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280, USA, Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-32800, USA, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7290, USA and Curriculum of Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC, USA Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280, USA, Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-32800, USA, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7290, USA and Curriculum of Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC, USA Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280, USA, Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-32800, USA, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7290, USA and Curriculum of Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3280, USA, Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-32800, USA, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7290, USA and Curriculum of Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.

Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications, and ECK Institute for Global Health, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications, and ECK Institute for Global Health, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications, and ECK Institute for Global Health, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556, USA.
University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA University of Arizona Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2), Tucson, AZ, USA, Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics, Department of Medicine and BIO5 Institute, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.
School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China, School of Information Science & Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China, Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA, Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 611-0011, Japan and Center for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.
Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA and Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA.; Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA and Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA and Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA.
Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany, Denator, Uppsala, Sweden, Protim, Inserm U1085 - Irset, University of Rennes 1, Rennes, France, SCiLS GmbH, Bremen, Germany, College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg, Germany, Center for Industrial Mathematics, University of Bremen, Bremen, Germany, High Performance Humanoid Technologies Lab, Institute for Anthropomatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technolo
Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8582, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8581, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012 and Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8582, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8581, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012 and Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan.; Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8582, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8581, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012 and Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan.; Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8582, Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 812-8581, PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012 and Graduate School of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan.
The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.; The Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Statistics and OR, School of Mathematical Sciences, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel, Functional Brain Center, Wohl Institute for Advanced Imaging, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv 64239, Israel and Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv 69978, Israel.
Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA and Departments of Computer Science and Bioengineering, The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA and Departments of Computer Science and Bioengineering, The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL 61801, USA.
Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany and Department of Mathematics, Technical University Munich, 85747 Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany and Department of Mathematics, Technical University Munich, 85747 Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany and Department of Mathematics, Technical University Munich, 85747 Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany and Department of Mathematics, Technical University Munich, 85747 Garching, Germany Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany and Department of Mathematics, Technical University Munich, 85747 Garching, Germany.
Microsoft Research, One Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA, Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences and Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94158 and Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Microsoft Research, One Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA, Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences and Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94158 and Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Microsoft Research, One Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA, Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences and Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94158 and Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA Microsoft Research, One Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA, Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences and Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94158 and Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Microsoft Research, One Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA, Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel-Aviv 69978, Israel, Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences and Department of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, CA 94158 and Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Computer Science and Engineering, Michigan State Univerisity, 428 South Shaw Rd East Lansing, MI 48824, USA and Center for Microbial Ecology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA.; Computer Science and Engineering, Michigan State Univerisity, 428 South Shaw Rd East Lansing, MI 48824, USA and Center for Microbial Ecology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA.; Computer Science and Engineering, Michigan State Univerisity, 428 South Shaw Rd East Lansing, MI 48824, USA and Center for Microbial Ecology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA.; Computer Science and Engineering, Michigan State Univerisity, 428 South Shaw Rd East Lansing, MI 48824, USA and Center for Microbial Ecology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.
School of Computer and Communication Sciences, EPFL, CH-1015, Lausanne, Switzerland.; School of Computer and Communication Sciences, EPFL, CH-1015, Lausanne, Switzerland.

SymBioSys Center for Computational Systems Biology, University of Leuven, Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, SwitzerlandProceedings Chairs ISMB/ECCB 2015.
Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA, Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tuebingen, Germany, Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA and School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA, Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tuebingen, Germany, Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA and School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA, Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tuebingen, Germany, Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA and School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA, Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tuebingen, Germany, Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA and School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA, Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tuebingen, Germany, Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA and School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA, Applied Bioinformatics, Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tuebingen, Germany, Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA and School of Computing, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada.
Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Research Group Bioinformatics (NG4), Robert Koch Institute, 13353 Berlin, Germany.
Warwick Systems Biology Centre and Biomedical Cell Biology, Warwick Medical School, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL, UK.; Warwick Systems Biology Centre and Biomedical Cell Biology, Warwick Medical School, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL, UK.; Warwick Systems Biology Centre and Biomedical Cell Biology, Warwick Medical School, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 7AL, UK.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.
Genome Architecture, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08002 Barcelona, Spain Genome Architecture, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08002 Barcelona, Spain.; Genome Architecture, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08002 Barcelona, Spain Genome Architecture, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08002 Barcelona, Spain.; Genome Architecture, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08002 Barcelona, Spain Genome Architecture, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Dr. Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona and Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08002 Barcelona, Spain.
MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France MINES ParisTech, PSL-Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, Paris, INSERM U900, Paris, Université Paris Descartes, Paris, INSERM UMR-S 1124, Paris, Agro ParisTech, Paris and Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées, INRA, Jouy-en-Josas, France.
Cancer Science Institute of Singapore, National University of Singapore, Singapore 117599, Singapore.; Cancer Science Institute of Singapore, National University of Singapore, Singapore 117599, Singapore; School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 637551, Singapore; Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore 138673, Singapore; Yale-NUS Liberal Arts College, Singapore 138527, Singapore. Electronic address: melissa.fullwood@nus.edu.sg.
Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC 27710, USA. Electronic address: jessie.tenenbaum@duke.edu.


Systems and Synthetic Biology Lab, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine (TIGEM), 80078 Pozzuoli (NA), Italy and.; Systems and Synthetic Biology Lab, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine (TIGEM), 80078 Pozzuoli (NA), Italy and.; Systems and Synthetic Biology Lab, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine (TIGEM), 80078 Pozzuoli (NA), Italy and.; Systems and Synthetic Biology Lab, Telethon Institute of Genetics and Medicine (TIGEM), 80078 Pozzuoli (NA), Italy and Department of Electrical Engineering and Information Technology, University of Naples Federico II, 80125 Naples, Italy.
Department of Biotechnology, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine and.; Department of Biotechnology, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine and.; Department of Biotechnology, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine and.; Department of Radiation Toxicology and Oncology, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Department of Biotechnology, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine and.; Department of Biotechnology, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine and.
Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science - National Research Council, 00185, Rome, Italy.; Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science - National Research Council, 00185, Rome, Italy, Department of Computer, Control, and Management Engineering - Sapienza University, 00185, Rome, Italy and.; Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science - National Research Council, 00185, Rome, Italy.; Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science - National Research Council, 00185, Rome, Italy.; Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science - National Research Council, 00185, Rome, Italy, Department of Engineering - Uninettuno International University, Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 39 - 00186 Rome, Italy.
Austrian Centre of Industrial Biotechnology, Vienna, Austria, Department of Biotechnology, University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, Austria, and.; Max Planck Institute for Dynamics of Complex Technical Systems, Magdeburg, Germany.; Austrian Centre of Industrial Biotechnology, Vienna, Austria, Department of Biotechnology, University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, Austria, and.; Austrian Centre of Industrial Biotechnology, Vienna, Austria, Department of Biotechnology, University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, Austria, and.
Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, M. Sklodowska-Curie Memorial Cancer Center and Institute of Oncology, Warsaw, Poland and Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, M. Sklodowska-Curie Memorial Cancer Center and Institute of Oncology, Warsaw, Poland and.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, M. Sklodowska-Curie Memorial Cancer Center and Institute of Oncology, Warsaw, Poland and.; CMBI Radboudumc, 6525 GA, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland and Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland and.; Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland and Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland and.
Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.
iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France.; iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France.; iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France.; iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France.; iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France.; iSSB, CNRS, University of Evry, Genopole, 5 rue H. Desbruères, 91030 Evry Cedex, France, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle NE1 7RU, UK and UMR 144 CNRS/Institut Curie, 26 rue d'Ulm, Paris, 75248 cedex 05, France.
Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Human Genome Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 108-8639, Department of Urology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-8655 and Department of Pathology and Tumor Biology, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.
School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, 10 Crichton St, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK.; SynthSys-Systems and Synthetic Biology, University of Edinburgh, CH Waddington Building, King's Buildings, Mayfield Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK and School of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Darwin Building, King's Buildings, Mayfield Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JR, UK.; School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, 10 Crichton St, Edinburgh EH8 9AB, UK, SynthSys-Systems and Synthetic Biology, University of Edinburgh, CH Waddington Building, King's Buildings, Mayfield Road, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK and.
Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute (HKI), Jena 07745, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute (HKI), Jena 07745, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute (HKI), Jena 07745, Germany.; Research Group Systems Biology/Bioinformatics, Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology - Hans-Knöll-Institute (HKI), Jena 07745, Germany.
Department of Pathology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; National Microbiology Laboratory, Public Health Agency of Canada, Winnipeg, MB, Canada.; National Microbiology Laboratory, Public Health Agency of Canada, Winnipeg, MB, Canada.; Department of Pathology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada BC Public Health Microbiology and Reference Laboratory, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Department of Physics, Sapienza Università di Roma, Rome 00185, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza Università di Roma, Rome 00185, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza Università di Roma, Rome 00185, Italy Institute Pasteur - Fondazione Cenci Bolognetti, Rome, 00161, Italy Center for Life Nano Science @Sapienza, Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Sapienza Università di Roma, Rome, 00185, Italy.
Center for Applied Molecular Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90033, USA.; Center for Applied Molecular Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90033, USA.; Center for Applied Molecular Medicine, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90033, USA.
Computational Biology Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Computational Biology Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Computational Biology Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Computational Biology Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Computational Biology Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY 10065, USA.
Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Departments of Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Computer Science, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Mattenstrasse 26, 4058 Basel, Switzerland and.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Departments of Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Computer Science, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Departments of Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Computer Science, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Mattenstrasse 26, 4058 Basel, Switzerland and Faculty of Science, University of Basel, Klingelbergstrasse 50, 4056 Basel, Switzerland.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Departments of Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Computer Science, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
Center for Non-Coding RNA in Technology and Health, IKVH, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark and Department of Computer Science, University of Brasilia, Brasília, DF, Brazil.; Center for Non-Coding RNA in Technology and Health, IKVH, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark and.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasilia, Brasília, DF, Brazil.; Center for Non-Coding RNA in Technology and Health, IKVH, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark and.
INSERM U981, Gustave Roussy, University Paris-Sud, Villejuif 94805, France, Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA 98109, USA and.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA 98109, USA and.; INSERM U981, Gustave Roussy, University Paris-Sud, Villejuif 94805, France, Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA 98109, USA and.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA 98109, USA and.; INSERM U981, Gustave Roussy, University Paris-Sud, Villejuif 94805, France.; INSERM U981, Gustave Roussy, University Paris-Sud, Villejuif 94805, France, Department of Medical Oncology, Gustave Roussy, Villejuif 94805, France.; INSERM U981, Gustave Roussy, University Paris-Sud, Villejuif 94805, France, Department of Medical Oncology, Gustave Roussy, Villejuif 94805, France.
Department of Medical Biophysics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and Techna, University Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and Techna, University Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Physiology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada, Lunenfeld Tanenbaum Research Institute, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Lunenfeld Tanenbaum Research Institute, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Physiology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada, Lunenfeld Tanenbaum Research Institute, Toronto, ON, Canada, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology and.; Department of Medical Biophysics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and Techna, University Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada, Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.
Department of Statistics, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA and.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Statistics, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA and.
Molecular Bioinformatics, Institute of Computer Science, Faculty of Computer Science and Mathematics & Cluster of Excellence 'Macromolecular Complexes', Goethe-University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany and Molecular Developmental Biology, Institute of Molecular Biosciences, Faculty for Biosciences & Cluster of Excellence 'Macromolecular Complexes', Goethe-University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Molecular Developmental Biology, Institute of Molecular Biosciences, Faculty for Biosciences & Cluster of Excellence 'Macromolecular Complexes', Goethe-University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Molecular Bioinformatics, Institute of Computer Science, Faculty of Computer Science and Mathematics & Cluster of Excellence 'Macromolecular Complexes', Goethe-University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany and.
Science for Life Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden.; Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, SE-581 83, Linköping, Sweden and Swedish e-Science Research Center, Linköping, Sweden.
Morgridge Institute for Research.; Department of Statistics, University of Wisconsin and.; Morgridge Institute for Research.; Morgridge Institute for Research.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, USA.; Morgridge Institute for Research.
School of Environmental and Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, NSW 2351, Australia and Queensland Brain Institute, The University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4072, Australia.; School of Environmental and Rural Science, University of New England, Armidale, NSW 2351, Australia and.
Department of Clinical Science, Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Center for the Genetics of Host Defense, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; A9.Com Inc, Palo Alto, CA 94301, USA.; Department of Molecular Physiology and Biophysics, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37240, USA.; Center of Statistical Genetics, Department of Biostatistics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Division of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Department of Public Health Sciences, Penn State College of Medicine, Hershey, PA 17033, USA and Institute for Personalized Medicine, Penn State College of Medicine, Hershey, PA 17033, USA.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland, Department of Public Health, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.; National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL), Helsinki, Finland and.; National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL), Helsinki, Finland and.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland, Department of Public Health, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.
Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine.; Department of Human Cancer Genetics and Molecular Virology.; Department of Pathology, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210 and.; Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, The Ohio State University James Comprehensive Cancer Center, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, The Ohio State University James Comprehensive Cancer Center, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Department of Internal Medicine, The Ohio State University James Comprehensive Cancer Center, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.

Florida Museum of Natural History, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.; Florida Museum of Natural History, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.
Cluster of Excellence on Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany Department for Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Cluster of Excellence on Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany Department for Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.
School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.
Department of Medical Sciences, Molecular Medicine and Science for Life Laboratory.; Department of Medical Sciences, Molecular Medicine and Science for Life Laboratory.; Department of Medical Sciences, Cancer Pharmacology and Computational Medicine and.; Department of Women's and Children's Health, Pediatric Oncology, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Medical Sciences, Molecular Medicine and Science for Life Laboratory.; Department of Medical Sciences, Molecular Medicine and Science for Life Laboratory.
Bioinformatics Research Departement, bioMérieux, 69280 Marcy-l'Étoile, MINES ParisTech, PSL Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, 77300 Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, 75248 Paris Cedex and INSERM U900, 75248 Paris Cedex, France.; Bioinformatics Research Departement, bioMérieux, 69280 Marcy-l'Étoile.; Bioinformatics Research Departement, bioMérieux, 69280 Marcy-l'Étoile.; Bioinformatics Research Departement, bioMérieux, 69280 Marcy-l'Étoile.; MINES ParisTech, PSL Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, 77300 Fontainebleau, Institut Curie, 75248 Paris Cedex and INSERM U900, 75248 Paris Cedex, France.
INRA, UR1404, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées du Génome à l'Environnement, 78350 Jouy-en-Josas, France and.; IDRIS-CNRS, UPS851, 91400 Orsay, France.; IDRIS-CNRS, UPS851, 91400 Orsay, France.; INRA, UR1404, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées du Génome à l'Environnement, 78350 Jouy-en-Josas, France and.; INRA, UR1404, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées du Génome à l'Environnement, 78350 Jouy-en-Josas, France and.; INRA, UR1404, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées du Génome à l'Environnement, 78350 Jouy-en-Josas, France and.; INRA, UR1404, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées du Génome à l'Environnement, 78350 Jouy-en-Josas, France and.
Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany, HHMI Janelia Research Campus, Ashburn, VA, USA and Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine, Berlin Institute for Medical Systems Biology, Berlin, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, Germany.
INRIA Projet AMIB, Ecole Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France.; Institut Curie, Centre De Recherche, Paris Inserm, U830, Department Genetics and Biology of Cancers, Paris, France.; Institut Curie, Centre De Recherche, Paris Inserm, Department of Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Computational Systems Biology of Cancer, U900, Paris, France Mines ParisTech, Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, France PSL Research University, Paris, France.; INRIA Projet AMIB, Ecole Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France.; Institut Curie, Centre De Recherche, Paris Inserm, Department of Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Computational Systems Biology of Cancer, U900, Paris, France Mines ParisTech, Centre for Computational Biology, Fontainebleau, France PSL Research University, Paris, France.
Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biologyand.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biologyand.; Maryland Cybersecurity Center, Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD USA.; Maryland Cybersecurity Center, Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD USA.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biologyand.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science and.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science and Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science and.
Department of Computer Science.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Statistics.; Department of Biological Chemistry, University of California-Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Department of Biological Chemistry, University of California-Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.
School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai, China Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai, China Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai, China Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; National Center for Mathematics and Interdisciplinary Sciences, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Finland.; School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai, China Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China Centre for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.
Department of Computer Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.; Department of Computer Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.; Chair for Bioinformatics, Friedrich-Schiller University, Jena, Germany.; LTCI, CNRS, Télécom ParisTech, Université Paris-Saclay, Paris, France.; Chair for Bioinformatics, Friedrich-Schiller University, Jena, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, CA 94305, USA Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia 1000.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia 1000 Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, TX 77030, USA.
Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics Department of Medicine BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics Department of Medicine BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Division of Bioinformatics, Departments of Biomedical Informatics Division of Medical Oncology, Department of Internal Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Department of Medicine BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Department of Medicine BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Department of Medicine BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics and Biostatistics (CB2) Graduate Interdisciplinary Program in Statistics Department of Medicine BIO5 Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA The University of Arizona Cancer Center, Tucson, AZ 85719, USA Institute for Genomics and Systems Biology, The University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, 60637, USA.
IBM T.J. Watson Research, Yorktown Heights, NY, USA.; USDA-ARS Subtropical Horticultural Research Station, Miami, FL, USA.; IBM T.J. Watson Research, Yorktown Heights, NY, USA.
Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics (IBIVU) & Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems (AIMMS), VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics (IBIVU) & Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems (AIMMS), VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics (IBIVU) & Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems (AIMMS), VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, Amsterdam, The Netherlands NKI-AVL, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics (IBIVU) & Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems (AIMMS), VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics (IBIVU) & Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems (AIMMS), VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics (IBIVU) & Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems (AIMMS), VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, University of California at San Francisco, San Francisco, CA 94158, USA.; Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, University of California at San Francisco, San Francisco, CA 94158, USA.; Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, University of California at San Francisco, San Francisco, CA 94158, USA.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, M5S 2E4, Canada The Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, M5S 3E1, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, M5S 2E4, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, M5S 2E4, Canada The Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, M5S 3E1, Canada.
Department of Mathematics and Department of Biology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences.; Department of Mathematics and Department of Biology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences Department of Statistics and Department of Integrative Biology, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA.
Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Coimbra, Coimbra, Portugal.; Department of Infectious Diseases, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Infectious Diseases, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology and Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering Hong Kong Bioinformatics Centre CUHK-BGI Innovation Institute of Trans-omics Hong Kong Institute of Diabetes and Obesity, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong.
Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping SE-581 83, Sweden.; Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping SE-581 83, Sweden.
Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering.; Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering.; Department of Cell, Molecular, and Structural Biology.; Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering Department of Cell, Molecular, and Structural Biology Department of Microbiology Department of Statistics, Miami University, Oxford, OH, USA.
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory Math Department, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.
PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama, 332-0012, Japan The authors wish it to be known that, in their opinion, the first two authors should be regarded as Joint First Authors.; Division of System Cohort, Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, 3-1-1 Maidashi, Higashi-Ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, 812-8582, Japan Institute for Advanced Study, Kyushu University, 6-10-1, Hakozaki, Higashi-Ku, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, 812-8581, Japan The authors wish it to be known that, in their opinion, the first two authors should be regarded as Joint First Authors.; School of Life Science and Technology, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 2-12-1 Ookayama, Meguro-Ku, Tokyo, 152-8550, Japan.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.
Department of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, 02-093, Poland.; Department of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, 02-093, Poland.; Department of Biological Sciences Department of Computer Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine, Berlin, Germany.; Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine, Berlin, Germany.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.
Biology Department, Boston College, Chestnut Hill, MA 02467, USA.; Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Universitat Pompeu Fabra. Dr. Aiguader 88, Barcelona, Spain.; Centro de Biologia Molecular Severo Ochoa, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas-Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, 28049 Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biologia Molecular Severo Ochoa, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas-Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, 28049 Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biologia Molecular Severo Ochoa, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas-Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, 28049 Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biologia Molecular Severo Ochoa, Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas-Universidad Autonoma de Madrid, 28049 Madrid, Spain.; Biology Department, Boston College, Chestnut Hill, MA 02467, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang 150001, China.; Center for Bioinformatics, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang 150001, China.; Center for Bioinformatics, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang 150001, China.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University.
Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering.; Department of Electrical Engineering.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering Department of Electrical Engineering.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.
School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Big Data Management and Analysis Methods, School of Information, Renmin University of China, Beijing 100872, China.; Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, 6045 Kenwood Avenue, Chicago, IL 60637, USA Department of Human Genetics, University of Chicago, E. 58th St, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Computer Science.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Computer Science.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Computer Science Department of Biological Chemistry.; Department of Convergence Medicine, University of Ulsan College of Medicine & Asan Institute for Life Sciences, Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Republic of Korea.; Department of Computer Science Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama 161-0031, Japan.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Aalto, FI-00076, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Aalto, FI-00076, Finland.; Lymphocyte Signalling and Development, The Babraham Institute, Cambridgeshire CB22 3AT, UK.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Aalto, FI-00076, Finland.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering.; Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics.; Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics Bioinformatics Institute, Seoul National University, Seoul 08826, Korea.
Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Science for Life Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, SE-17121 Solna, Sweden.; Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University Stony Brook, New York, NY 11794-2424, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University Stony Brook, New York, NY 11794-2424, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University Stony Brook, New York, NY 11794-2424, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University Stony Brook, New York, NY 11794-2424, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering.; Center for Regenerative Biology and Department of Animal Science, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Center for Regenerative Biology and Department of Animal Science, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
CNRS, CRIStAL, Lille, France.; ENS Cachan Brittany, Bruz, France.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Pennsylvania State University, USA Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, USA Genome Sciences Institute of the Huck, The Pennsylvania State University, USA.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton T6G 2V4, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Alberta, Edmonton T6G 2V4, Canada Department of Computer Science, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, 23284, U.S.A.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Texas at San Antonio, TX 78249, USA.; Department of Biological Science, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou 215123, China.; College of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an 710072, China.; Greehey Children's Cancer Research Institute Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, TX 78229, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Texas at San Antonio, TX 78249, USA Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, TX 78229, USA.
Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology Harris Center for Precision Wellness, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology Harris Center for Precision Wellness, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology Harris Center for Precision Wellness, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology Harris Center for Precision Wellness, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology Harris Center for Precision Wellness, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, 02115 MA, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, 02115 MA, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology Harris Center for Precision Wellness, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York City, NY 10029, USA Department of Population Health Science and Policy, New York City, NY 10029, USA.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo 00076, Finland Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki 00014, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki 00014, Finland.
School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Department of Computer Science, University of Virginia, Charlottesville 22904-4740, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, IL 61801, USA.; Bioinformatics Center, Kyoto University, Institute for Chemical Research, Uji 611-0011, Japan Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Finland.; School of Computer Science and Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China Centre for Computational System Biology, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.


Department of Computer Science University of California, Irvine.; National Center of Biotechnology Information, NIH.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Computational Medicine, University of Oulu, Oulu University Hospital and Biocenter Oulu, Oulu, Finland.; Computational Medicine, University of Oulu, Oulu University Hospital and Biocenter Oulu, Oulu, Finland, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland.; Department of Clinical Chemistry, Fimlab Laboratories, University of Tampere School of Medicine, Tampere, Finland.; Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, University of Turku and Turku University Hospital, Turku, Finland, Research Centre of Applied and Preventive Cardiovascular Medicine, University of Turku and Department of Clinical Physiology and Nuclear Medicine, Turku University Hospital, Turku, Finland.; Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, MRC-PHE Centre for Environment & Health, School of Public Health, Imperial College London, London, UK, Centre for Life Course Epidemiology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oulu, Oulu, Finland, Biocenter Oulu, University of Oulu, Oulu, Finland, Unit of Primary Care, Oulu University Hospital, Oulu, Finland.; National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Finland.; Computational Medicine, University of Oulu, Oulu University Hospital and Biocenter Oulu, Oulu, Finland, NMR Metabolomics Laboratory, School of Pharmacy, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio, Finland, Computational Medicine, School of Social and Community Medicine and the Medical Research Council Integrative Epidemiology Unit, University of Bristol, Bristol, UK.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland, Public Health, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland and Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.; Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK and.; Département De Génétique Et Développement (GEDEV), University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK, Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK and.
Department of Chemistry, Hanyang University, Seoul 133-791, South Korea.; Center for Genome Engineering, Institute for Basic Science, Seoul 151-747, South Korea Department of Chemistry, Seoul National University, Seoul 151-747, South Korea.; Department of Chemistry, Hanyang University, Seoul 133-791, South Korea Institute for Materials Design, Hanyang University, Seoul 133-791, South Korea.

Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita 565-0871, Japan.; Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita 565-0871, Japan Institute for Virus Research, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8507, Japan.
Laboratoire de physique théorique, CNRS, UPMC and Ecole normale supérieure, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de physique théorique, CNRS, UPMC and Ecole normale supérieure, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de physique statistique, CNRS, UPMC and Ecole normale supérieure, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de physique théorique, CNRS, UPMC and Ecole normale supérieure, Paris, France.
Seminar for Statistics, Department of Mathematics, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland Department of Economics, University of Zürich, Zürich 8006, Switzerland.; Seminar for Statistics, Department of Mathematics, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland.; Institute of Evolutionary Biology (CSIC-UPF), Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA) Center for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Barcelona Biomedical Research Park (PRBB), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Department of Economics, University of Mainz, Mainz, Germany.; Department of Economics, University of Zürich, Zürich 8006, Switzerland.; Seminar for Statistics, Department of Mathematics, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland.
University Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, Lille, France.; University Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, Lille, France.; University Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, Lille, France.; University Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, Lille, France.
Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Kannapolis, NC 28081, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Kannapolis, NC 28081, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Kannapolis, NC 28081, USA.
Centre for Integrative Biology (CBI), Department of Integrated Structural Biology, IGBMC (Institute of Genetics and of Molecular and Cellular Biology), Illkirch, France Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) UMR 7104, Illkirch, France Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) U964, Illkirch, France Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Centre for Integrative Biology (CBI), Department of Integrated Structural Biology, IGBMC (Institute of Genetics and of Molecular and Cellular Biology), Illkirch, France Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) UMR 7104, Illkirch, France Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) U964, Illkirch, France Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Centre for Integrative Biology (CBI), Department of Integrated Structural Biology, IGBMC (Institute of Genetics and of Molecular and Cellular Biology), Illkirch, France Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) UMR 7104, Illkirch, France Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) U964, Illkirch, France Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Centre for Integrative Biology (CBI), Department of Integrated Structural Biology, IGBMC (Institute of Genetics and of Molecular and Cellular Biology), Illkirch, France Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) UMR 7104, Illkirch, France Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM) U964, Illkirch, France Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.
Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, Zurich, ETH Zurich, Switzerland Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute for Chemical and Bioengineering, Zurich, ETH Zurich, Switzerland Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL 61801, USA Institute of Genomic Biology, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.
Integrative Biomedical Informatics (IBI) Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), C/Doctor Aiguader 88, E-08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Integrative Biomedical Informatics (IBI) Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), C/Doctor Aiguader 88, E-08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Integrative Biomedical Informatics (IBI) Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), C/Doctor Aiguader 88, E-08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Integrative Biomedical Informatics (IBI) Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), C/Doctor Aiguader 88, E-08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Integrative Biomedical Informatics (IBI) Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), C/Doctor Aiguader 88, E-08003 Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.
Fungal Genetics and Genomics Unit, Department of Applied Genetics and Cell Biology, University of Natural Resources and Life Science Vienna, University and Research Center Campus Tulln-Technopol, Tulln, Austria. gea.guerriero@boku.ac.at
Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.
Bioinformatics Section, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Nottingham, Nottingham NG7 2RD, UK.; MRC Laboratory for Molecular Cell Biology, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.

Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.
Regenerative Biology Laboratory, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI 53707, USA.; Regenerative Biology Laboratory, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI 53707, USA Department of Cell and Regenerative Biology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53706, USA Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, University of California, Santa Barbara, CA 93106, USA.; Regenerative Biology Laboratory, Morgridge Institute for Research, Madison, WI 53707, USA.
Theoretical Biophysics, Institute of Biology, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Theoretical Biophysics, Institute of Biology, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; COS/Bioquant, Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany.; Institute of Molecular Systems Biology, Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Theoretical Biophysics, Institute of Biology, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Institute of Biochemistry, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Computer and Information Science.; State-Key Laboratory of Analog and Mixed-Signal VLSI, Faculty of Science and Technology, University of Macau (UM), Avenida da Universidade, Taipa, Macau, China.; Department of Computer and Information Science.
Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany School of Biotechnology and Biomolecular Sciences, University of New South Wales, 2052 Sydney, Australia.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit, University of Heidelberg and European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69117 Heidelberg, Germany Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit, University of Heidelberg and European Molecular Biology Laboratory, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany Department of Bioinformatics, Biocenter, University of Würzburg, 97074 Würzburg, Germany Max Delbrück Centre for Molecular Medicine, 13125 Berlin, Germany.
Computational Medicine Center, Sidney Kimmel Medical College, Thomas Jefferson University, 1020 Locust Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.; Computational Medicine Center, Sidney Kimmel Medical College, Thomas Jefferson University, 1020 Locust Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.; Computational Medicine Center, Sidney Kimmel Medical College, Thomas Jefferson University, 1020 Locust Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.; Computational Medicine Center, Sidney Kimmel Medical College, Thomas Jefferson University, 1020 Locust Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.
Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max-Planck-Institute for Evolutionary Biology, Plön, Germany.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max-Planck-Institute for Evolutionary Biology, Plön, Germany.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max-Planck-Institute for Evolutionary Biology, Plön, Germany.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max-Planck-Institute for Evolutionary Biology, Plön, Germany.
Arbor Research Collaborative for Health, 340 E. Huron St., Suite 300, Ann Arbor, MI 48104, USA.; Arbor Research Collaborative for Health, 340 E. Huron St., Suite 300, Ann Arbor, MI 48104, USA ; Department of Biostatistics, University of Michigan, 3550 Rackham 915 E. Washington St., Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Surgery, NorthShore University HealthSystem, 2650 Ridge Avenue, Evanston, IL 60201, USA.; Arbor Research Collaborative for Health, 340 E. Huron St., Suite 300, Ann Arbor, MI 48104, USA.
EMBL Australia Biomedical Informatics Group, Infection and Immunity Theme, South Australian Medical and Health Research Institute, North Terrace, Adelaide, South Australia 5000, Australia.; EMBL Australia Biomedical Informatics Group, Infection and Immunity Theme, South Australian Medical and Health Research Institute, North Terrace, Adelaide, South Australia 5000, Australia.; EMBL Australia Biomedical Informatics Group, Infection and Immunity Theme, South Australian Medical and Health Research Institute, North Terrace, Adelaide, South Australia 5000, Australia School of Medicine, Flinders University, Bedford Park, South Australia 5042, Australia.
Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, 02-106 Warsaw, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, 02-106 Warsaw, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, 02-106 Warsaw, Poland Department of Systems Biology, Institute of Experimental Plant Biology and Biotechnology, University of Warsaw, 02-096 Warsaw, Poland.
'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, RCNS, HAS, Budapest H-1518, Hungary.; 'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, RCNS, HAS, Budapest H-1518, Hungary.; 'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, RCNS, HAS, Budapest H-1518, Hungary.
Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602, USA.
Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu, 50409 Tartu, Estonia Center for Computational and Integrative Biology, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 02114, USA.; Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu, 50409 Tartu, Estonia.; Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, University of Tartu, 51010 Tartu, Estonia.; Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu, 50409 Tartu, Estonia.; Institute of Computer Science, University of Tartu, 50409 Tartu, Estonia.
Institute of Physics.; Institute of Physics BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies Freiburg Center for Systems Biology (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany.; Institute of Physics Freiburg Center for Systems Biology (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Germany.
Department of Computer Science.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Computer Science Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.; Burnett School of Biomedical Science, College of Medicine, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
Department of Biotechnology, College of Life Science and Biotechnology, Yonsei University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Biotechnology, College of Life Science and Biotechnology, Yonsei University, Seoul, Korea.
Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Computer Science Department, Wellesley College, Wellesley, MA, USA.; Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Center for Computational Molecular Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.
Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada.; Division of Genomic Technologies, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan RIKEN Omics Science Center, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045 Japan.; Division of Genomic Technologies, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan RIKEN Omics Science Center, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045 Japan RIKEN Preventive Medicine and Diagnosis Innovation Program, Wako, Saitama 351-0198, Japan.; Division of Genomic Technologies, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan RIKEN Omics Science Center, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045 Japan Telethon Kids Institute, The University of Western Australia, Subiaco, WA 6008, Australia.; Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada.; Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada Centre for Molecular Medicine Norway (NCMM), Nordic EMBL Partnership, University of Oslo and Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.
Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK.; Warwick Systems Biology Centre, University of Warwick, Coventry, UK.; School of Biosciences, University of Exeter, Exeter, UK.; Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK.
National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.; National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.; National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD 20894, USA.
Computational Genomics Department, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe (CIPF), Valencia 46012, Spain Bioinformatics of Rare Diseases (BIER), CIBER de Enfermedades Raras (CIBERER), Valencia, Spain.; Computational Genomics Department, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe (CIPF), Valencia 46012, Spain.; Computational Genomics Department, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe (CIPF), Valencia 46012, Spain.; Computational Genomics Department, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe (CIPF), Valencia 46012, Spain Bull-CIPF, Computational Genomics Chair, Valencia 46012, Spain.; Department of Medicine, University of Cambridge, School of Clinical Medicine, Addenbrooke's Hospital, Hills Road, Cambridge CB2 0QQ, UK.; HPC Service, UIS, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Computational Genomics Department, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe (CIPF), Valencia 46012, Spain Bioinformatics of Rare Diseases (BIER), CIBER de Enfermedades Raras (CIBERER), Valencia, Spain Functional Genomics Node, (INB, PRB2, ISCIII) at CIPF, Valencia 46012, Spain.
INRA, UMR1062 CBGP, F-34988 Montferrier-sur-Lez, France.; INRA, UMR1062 CBGP, F-34988 Montferrier-sur-Lez, France, IBC, F-34095 Montpellier, France.; INRA, UMR1062 CBGP, F-34988 Montferrier-sur-Lez, France.; INRA, UMR1062 CBGP, F-34988 Montferrier-sur-Lez, France.; INRA, UMR441 LIPM, F31326 Castanet Tolosan, France CNRS, UMR2594 LIPM, F31326 Castanet Tolosan, France.
Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.; Pacific Biosciences, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.; Pacific Biosciences, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Graduate School of Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-0033, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.; Department of Neurology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, 113-8655, Japan.; Department of Neurology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, 113-8655, Japan.; Department of Neurology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, 113-8655, Japan.; Department of Neurology, Graduate School of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, 113-8655, Japan.; Department of Biological Sciences, Graduate School of Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-0033, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8583, Japan.
Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research, Box 240, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.

WuXiNextCode Genomics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; deCODE Genetics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; deCODE Genetics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; deCODE Genetics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; WuXiNextCode Genomics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; WuXiNextCode Genomics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; deCODE Genetics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; WuXiNextCode Genomics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; WuXiNextCode Genomics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.; deCODE Genetics, Sturlugata 8, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.
Theoretical Biology and Bioinformatics, Utrecht University, 3584CH the Netherlands.; Theoretical Biology and Bioinformatics, Utrecht University, 3584CH the Netherlands.; Department of Viroscience, Rotterdam, Erasmus MC, 3000CA, the Netherlands.; Theoretical Biology and Bioinformatics, Utrecht University, 3584CH the Netherlands.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering ECK Institute of Global Health and Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering Wireless Institute, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering ECK Institute of Global Health and Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications.
Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biomedicine, Münster 48149, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biomedicine, Münster 48149, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biomedicine, Münster 48149, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biomedicine, Münster 48149, Germany.
National Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China Arizona Genomics Institute and BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Arizona Genomics Institute and BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; National Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China.; National Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China.; Arizona Genomics Institute and BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA International Rice Research Institute, Genetic Resource Center, Los Baños, Laguna, Philippines.; Arizona Genomics Institute and BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Arizona Genomics Institute and BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; National Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China.; Arizona Genomics Institute and BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA International Rice Research Institute, Genetic Resource Center, Los Baños, Laguna, Philippines.
College of Fisheries and Life Science, Shanghai Ocean University, Shanghai 201306, China Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.; College of Fisheries and Life Science, Shanghai Ocean University, Shanghai 201306, China Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.; Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.; Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China College of Marine Science, Zhejiang Ocean University, Zhoushan 316022, China.; College of Fisheries and Life Science, Shanghai Ocean University, Shanghai 201306, China Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.; College of Fisheries and Life Science, Shanghai Ocean University, Shanghai 201306, China Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.; Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.; Centre for Applied Aquatic Genomics, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Beijing 100141, China.
Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig 04103, Germany.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig 04103, Germany.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig 04103, Germany.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig 04103, Germany Medical Faculty, University of Leipzig, Leipzig 04103, Germany.

Division of Integrated Life Science, Graduate School of Biostudies, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8502, Japan. kambe1@kais.kyoto-u.ac.jp
Laboratory of Cell Biology, Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Education for Cell Biology and Tumor Cell Engineering, School of Life Sciences, Xiamen University, Xiamen 361005, China.
Institute of Biomedicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.

Institute of Microbial Technology, Chandigarh, India.
Department of Functional Materials Science, Saitama University, Saitama 338-8570, Japan.
Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan S7N 5A9, Canada.
Department of Combinatorics and Geometry, CAS/MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China. mosig@sibs.ac.cn
Department of Cell Biology and Biophysics, Faculty of Biology, University of Athens, Panepistimiopolis, Athens 15701, Greece.

School of Computer Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. ljf720622@163.com
Department of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1554, USA.
The Wilmer Institute, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21287, USA. jiang.qian@jhmi.edu
Systems Epigenomics Group, Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques/Institut de Recherches Interdisciplinaires, CNRS/INSERM, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France.
Service de Biochimie A, Hopital Saint-Antoine, 75012 Paris, France. pascal.pernet@sat.aphp.fr
Institute of Medical Biology, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Kunming 650118, China.

National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences, Tsukuba 305-8602, Japan.
Department of Biochemistry, University of Hyderabad, Hyderabad 500046, India.
Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100080, China.
Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Kawauchi-cho, Tokushima 771-0192, Japan. ono@otsuka.gr.jp

Department of Anatomy, West China School of Preclinical and Forensic Medicine, Sichuan University, Chengdu 610041, China.
Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100080, China.
Institute of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, School of Electronic Information & Control Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, Beijing 100022, China.
Molecular and Clinical Hematology Branch, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK), National Institutes of Health (NIH), Bethesda, MD 20892-1822, USA. yingshi@mail.nih.gov
Department of Life Sciences, Meiji University School of Agriculture, Kawasaki, Kanagawa 214-8571, Japan.
Institute of Microbial Technology, Chandigarh 160036, India.
Systems Epigenomics Group, Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques/Institut de Recherches Interdisciplinaires, CNRS/INSERM, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France.
Integrative Biology, Lilly Research Laboratories, Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly Corporate Center, Indianapolis, IN 46285, USA.
Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China. junyu@genomics.org.cn
Department of Biostatistics, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL 35294-0022, USA.
Department of Biomedical Engineering/Department of Anatomy and Cell Biology, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.
Division of Health Sciences and Department of Cell Biology and Neuroscience, Montana State University, Bozeman, MT 59717, USA.
Institute of Biomedical Informatics, Wenzhou Medical College, Wenzhou 325000, China.
Department of Chemistry and NASA University Research Center for Biotechnology and Environmental Health, Texas Southern University, Houston, TX 77004, USA. clement_jq@tsu.edu
Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University, Fujisawa 252-8520, Japan.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Louisville School of Medicine, Louisville, KY 40202, USA.
Department of Clinical Oncology, Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Hong Kong, China. chocs@ha.org.hk
Department of Computer Science, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing 210097, China. xujianhua@njnu.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China. dengyj@genomics.org.cn
Systems Epigenomics Group, Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques/Institut de Recherches Interdisciplinaires, CNRS/INSERM, 91440 Bures sur Yvette, France.
State Key Laboratory of Pathogen and Biosecurity, Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, Beijing 100071, China.
Department of Chemistry and NASA University Research Center for Biotechnology and Environmental Health, Texas Southern University, Houston, TX 77004, USA. clement_jq@tsu.edu
Information and Communication Theory Group, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science, Delft University of Technology, 2600 GA Delft, the Netherlands. m.clements@tudelft.nl
School of Mathematical Sciences and Laboratory of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics (LMAM), Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Gippsland School of Computing and Information Technology, Monash University, Churchill, VIC 3842, Australia.
Department of Forensic Sciences, Medical College of Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an 710061, China.
James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310008, China.
College of Information and Communication Technology, Qufu Normal University, Rizhao 276826, China.
LERIA, Université d'Angers, 2 Boulevard Lavoisier, 49045 Angers, France.
Biomedical Informatics Unit, Foundation for Biomedical Research of the Academy of Athens, 11527 Athens, Greece.
Polytechnic of Bari, 70125 Bari, Italy. bevilacqua@poliba.it
Department of Information and Computer Sciences, University of Hawaii at Manoa, Honolulu, HI 96822, USA. guylaine@hawaii.edu
Department of Pathobiology, Center of Computational Biology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing 100850, China.
National Research Center on Plant Biotechnology, Indian Agriculture Research Institute, New Delhi 110112, India.
Department of Astronautic Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin 150001, China.
Department of Information Management, National Sun Yat-sen University, Kaohsiung, Chinese Taipei. wplee@mail.nsysu.edu.tw
Public Health Agency of Canada, Canadian Science Centre for Human and Animal Health, Winnipeg, Canada. Wilfred_Cuff@phac-aspc.gc.ca
Department of Pharmacogenetics, Institute of Clinical Pharmacology, Central South University, Changsha 410078, China. zhanglijun1221@163.com
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK S7N5A9, Canada.
Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques & Institut de Recherche Interdisciplinaire (CNRS USR3078, Université de Lille1), 91440 Bures-sur-Yvette, France.
Department of General Chemistry, Belarussian State Medical University, Minsk 220116, Belarus. vvkhrustalev@mail.ru
College of Life Sciences, Sichuan University, Chengdu 610064, China. lix@scu.edu.cn
School of Biological Sciences and Genome Research Centre, The University of Hong Kong, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, China.
Bovine Functional Genomics Laboratory, Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, Beltsville, MD 20705, USA. george.liu@ars.usda.gov
Department of Statistics, Faculty of Biology, University of Barcelona, 08028 Barcelona, Spain. freverter@ub.edu
Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, Canada.
Compugen Ltd., Tel Aviv 69512, Israel. ronens@compugen.co.il
Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China. wangj@genomics.org.cn
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Windber Research Institute, Windber, PA 15963, USA.
Distributed Information Sub-Centre, Interdisciplinary Biotechnology Unit, Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh 202002, India.
Department of Pharmacogenetics, Institute of Clinical Pharmacology, Central South University, Changsha 410078, China. zhanglijun1221@163.com
Department of Bioinformatics/State Key Laboratory of Plant Physiology and Biochemistry, College of Life Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, China. mchen@zju.edu.cn
Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Cancer Biology and Genetics Group, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Acadamy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Department of Molecular Biology and Genetic Engineering, G.B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar 263145, Uttarakhand, India.
Department of Pathology and Microbiology, University of Nebraska Medical Center, Omaha, NE 68198-5845, USA.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Genome Diversity Center, Institute of Evolution, University of Haifa, Haifa, Israel. trifonov@research.haifa.ac.il
SVIMS Bioinformatics Centre, SVIMS University, Tirupati 517507, India. svims.btisnet@nic.in
Department of Medicine, Washington University, St. Louis, MO 63110, USA.
School of Medicine, Ningbo University, Ningbo 315211, China. dongchangzheng@nbu.edu.cn
Charles Darwin Department of Biology and Biotechnology, Sapienza University of Roma, Rome, Italy.
Plant Metabolic Engineering Laboratory, Biotechnology Division, CSIR-Institute of Himalayan Bioresource Technology, Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, Palampur17606, India.
Plant Metabolic Engineering, Biotechnology Division, CSIR-Institute of Himalayan Bioresource Technology, CSIR, Palampur 176061 (HP), India.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Division of Physiological Chemistry I, Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institute, Stockholm, Sweden. Roman.Zubarev@ki.se
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Bioinformatics Center, New Jersey Institute of Technology, Newark, NJ 07102, USA.
Plant Stress Genomics Research Center, Division of Chemical and Life Sciences and Engineering, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
MOE Key Laboratory of Crop Physiological Ecology and Genetic Breeding, Jiangxi Agricultural University, Nanchang 330045, China.
College of Life Sciences, Capital Normal University, Beijing, China. wanp_cnu@yahoo.com.cn
Facuity of Basic Medical Science, Nanchang University, Nanchang 330006, China.
School of Biotechnology, Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology (KIIT) University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751024, India.
College of Veterinary Medicine, Mississippi State University, MS 39762, USA. rkumar@cvm.msstate.edu
State Key Laboratory for Agrobiotechnology and MOE Key Laboratory of Crop Heterosis and Utilization and MOA Key Laboratory of Crop Genomics and Genetic Improvement, Beijing Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.
Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, National Institute of Technology, Rourkela, India. sitanshusekhar@gmail.com
Department of Biotechnology, Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi-835215, India.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China. junyu@big.ac.cn
T-Life Research Center & Department of Physics, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.
Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, University at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY 14214, USA. sd33@buffalo.edu
Machine Intelligence Unit, Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata 700 108, India.
Beijing Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing 100850, China. liwj@nic.bmi.ac.cn
Department of Animal Biotechnology, College of Veterinary Science & Animal Husbandry, Anand Agricultural University, Anand 388 001, India. drsubhash82@gmail.com
Siemens Healthcare, Strategy, 91052 Erlangen, Germany.
Institute of Biochemistry & Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa, ON K1S 5B6, Canada.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
School of Electronic and Biomedical Engineering, Universidad Antonio Nariño, Bogotá 110311, Colombia. phreyes@gmail.com
Laboratory of Molecular Genetics, Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics, Hyderabad 500076, India.
GenNYsis Center for Excellence in Cancer Genomics and Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, State University of New York at Albany, Rensselaer, NY 12144-3456, USA.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.
Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore 54890, Punjab, Pakistan. bilalwajidabbas@hotmail.com
Biolead.org Research Group, LC Sciences, Houston, TX 77054, USA. toli@biolead.org
Department of Biomedical Engineering, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.
Department of Radiation Oncology, New York Methodist Hospital, Weill Cornell Medical College, Brooklyn, NY 11215, USA.
Institute of Biochemistry & Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa, ON K1S 5B6, Canada. kbiggar@connect.carleton.ca
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Leipzig, Leipzig D-04107, Germany.
Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Institute of Food Science, CNR, via Roma 52 A/C, 83100 Avellino, Italy.
School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
Institute of Food Science, Italian National Research Council, Avellino, Italy.
Institute of Human Genetics, University of Aarhus, Denmark. jianl@humgen.au.dk
Department of Physics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China.
Department of Biology, Laurentian University, Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.
Institute of Microbial Technology, Sector 39-A, Chandigarh 160036, India.
Department of Paediatrics and Adolescent Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, China. yangwl@hkucc.hku.hk
G.N. Ramachandran Knowledge Center for Genome Informatics, Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology, Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, Delhi 110007, India. nanditabachhawat45@gmail.com
Center for Disease Modeling, York Institute of Health Research, York University, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. dvenkata@yorku.ca
Aligarh Muslim University, India.
Key Laboratory of Cellular and Molecular Evolution, Kunming Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming 650223, China.
Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism, Department of Medicine, The University of Tennessee Health Science Center, Memphis, TN 38163, USA. fstentz@utmem.edu
Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China. qwang.big@gmail.com
Unit of Medical Technology and Intelligent Information Systems, Department of Computer Science, University of loannina, loannina 45110, Greece.
Department of Cell Biology and Biophysics, Faculty of Biology, University of Athens, Athens 15701, Greece. pbagos@biol.uoa.gr
Division of Medical Microbiology, Department of Microbiology, School of Life Sciences, Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli 620024, Tamilnadu, India.
Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Electronic Department, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.
School of Life Sciences, Sichuan University, Chengdu 610064, China.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
National Research Centre on Plant Biotechnology, Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi 110012, India.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Department of Biology, College of Sciences, Shiraz University, Shiraz, Iran.
Computational Systems Biology Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology/Institute of Bioinformatics, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602-7229, USA.
College of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Engineering University, Harbin 150001, China. yuhualong@hrbeu.edu.cn
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Graduate School of Science and Technology, Hirosaki University, Hirosaki, Aomori 036-8561, Japan.
James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310008, China.
The Scottish Oceans Institute, University of St Andrews, Fife, UK. dekf@st-andrews.ac.uk
Laboratory for Zoology and Evolutionary Biology, Department of Biology, University of Konstanz, Germany. shigehiro.kuraku@uni-konstanz.de
School of Biology, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia 30332, USA. lavanya.rishishwar@gatech.edu
Marine Genomics Unit, Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology, Uruma, Japan. teikuta@oist.jp
Centro de Recursos Microbiológicos (CREM), Departamento de Ciências da Vida, Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Quinta da Torre, Caparica, Portugal. jmfa@fct.unl.pt
Department of Biochemical Engineering & Biotechnology, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi, New Delhi, India.
Department of Genetics, University of Barcelona, Spain.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Grupo de Parasitología Molecular (GEPAMOL), Centro de Investigaciones Biomédicas, Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.
Laboratory of Integrative Biosciences, College of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510275, China. gerg@mail.sysu.edu.cn
Medical Microbiology Laboratory, Department of Microbiology, School of Life Sciences, Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli 620024, India. natarajaseenivasan@rediffmail.com
Centre of Excellence in Bioinformatics, School of Biotechnology, Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai 625021, Tamilnadu, India.
Department of Bioinformatics, College of Life Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, China.
National University of Nuclear Investigations (MIFI), Moscow 115409, Russia.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Nanchang University, China. czeng@big.ac.cn
UPASI Tea Research Foundation, Valparai, India.
Centre of Excellence in Bioinformatics, School of Biotechnology, Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai, India.
Department of Biotechnology, School of Life Sciences, Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu, India.
Department of Molecular Biology and Genetic Engineering, College of Basic Sciences and Humanities, G.B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar 263145, India.

Biomedical Engineering Institute, Capital Medical University, Beijing 100069, China.
Department of Anatomy, North Sichuan Medical College, Nanchong 637007, China. dssgeneral@163.com
Faculty of Basic Medical Science, Nanchang University, Nanchang 330006, China.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
CAS Key Laboratory of Science and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China. junyu@big.ac.cn
Bioinformatics Centre (Centre of Excellence in Structural Biology and Bio-computing), Supercomputer Education and Research Centre, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 560012, India.
National Center for Bioinformatics, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad 44000, Pakistan.
Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Graduate Program, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50010, USA. ftowfic@iastate.edu
College of Communication Engineering, Chongqing University, Chongqing 400044, China. leizhang@cqu.edu.cn
Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques, Bures-sur-Yvette 91440, France.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Department of Control and Computer Engineering, Politecnico di Torino, Torino 10129, Italy. massimo.natale@biodigitalvalley.com
Interdisciplinary Biotechnology Unit, Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh 202002, India.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Deerwalk Services, Kathmandu 44602, Nepal.
Supercomputer Education and Research Centre, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India.
National Centre for Bioinformatics, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad 44000, Pakistan. u.seemab@gmail.com
Plant Genetic Engineering Laboratory, Department of Biotechnology, Bharathiar University, Coimbatore 641046, India.
School of Chemistry and Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St. Lucia, Australia. willadsen@uq.edu.au
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100029, China.
Department of Botany, Kakatiya University, Warangal 506009, India. pavan_umate@rediffmail.com
Department of Chemical Engineering, Northwest University for Nationalities, Lanzhou, China. qiajiao@163.com
Structural Genomics Division, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, Belgrade 11001, Serbia. jovana@matf.bg.ac.rs
Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, 36208 Vigo, Spain.; Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, 36208 Vigo, Spain.; Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, 36208 Vigo, Spain.; Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, 36208 Vigo, Spain.
Graduate School of Information Sciences, Tohoku University, Sendai 980-8579, Japan Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan Biotechnology Research Institute for Drug Discovery, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita 565-0871, Japan.

Biomedical Informatics Training Program, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Vanderbilt Genetics Institute.; Division of Genetic Medicine, Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, USA.; Division of Genetic Medicine, Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, USA.; Academic Medical Center, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Institute for Juvenile Research, Department of Psychiatry, University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Vanderbilt Genetics Institute.; Division of Genetic Medicine, Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, USA.; Departments of Bioengineering and Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Department of Biostatistics, Boston University, Boston, MA.; Division of Computational Biomedicine, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, MA.; Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, Boston, MA.; gRED Oncology Biostatistics, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA.; Department of Biostatistics, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, MD.; Department of Biostatistics, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Baltimore, MD.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA.; Departments of Medical Biophysics and Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.; Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, University Health NetworkToronto, Ontario, Canada.; Ontario Institute of Cancer Research, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD.; Department of Biostatistics, Boston University, Boston, MA.; Division of Computational Biomedicine, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, MA.; Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, Boston, MA.
Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Faculty of Biology and Chemistry, Justus-Liebig-University, Giessen 35392, Germany.; Faculty of Biology, Chair of Genome Research, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Faculty of Biology and Chemistry, Justus-Liebig-University, Giessen 35392, Germany.; Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Faculty of Biology and Chemistry, Justus-Liebig-University, Giessen 35392, Germany.; Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Faculty of Biology and Chemistry, Justus-Liebig-University, Giessen 35392, Germany.; Faculty of Biology, Chair of Genome Research, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Faculty of Biology and Chemistry, Justus-Liebig-University, Giessen 35392, Germany.; Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Faculty of Biology and Chemistry, Justus-Liebig-University, Giessen 35392, Germany.
Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, Corner College and Cooper Rds (Bldg 75), Australia.; Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, Corner College and Cooper Rds (Bldg 75), Australia.
Janssen Pharmaceutica, Beerse, Belgium.
College of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Hangzhou Genomics Institute/James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University/Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics of Zhejiang Province, Hangzhou 310008, China.

Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
The State Laboratory of the Ministry of Health for Forensic Sciences, Xi'an 710061, China.
Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1048, USA. yqiu@bio.umass.edu
College of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.

Beijing Genomics Institute, Beijing 101300, China. tanxh@genomics.org.cn
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.

Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Agriculture and Biotechnology College, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310029, China. qzhxue@zju.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.

Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Institute of Microbiology and Epidemiology, Chinese Academy of Military Medical Sciences, Beijing 100071, China.
Center of Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing 100050, China. dongxp@public.fhnet.cn.net
Medical Faculty, Vienna Biocenter, Institute of Biochemistry, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria. erhan@e-mail.dk

Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
College of Life Sciences, Hebei Agricultural University, Baoding 071001, China.
Department of Entomology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China. zxli@cau.edu.cn
Hangzhou Genomics Institute/Institute of Bioinformatics of Zhejiang University/Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics of Zhejiang Province, Hangzhou 310007, China. wangjian@genomics.org.cn.
Department of Zoology, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China.
Department of Biology, Howell Science Complex, East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858, USA. tangw@mail.ecu.edu
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
College of Life Science, Sichuan University/Sichuan Key Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Chengdu 610064, China.
The State Laboratory of the Ministry of Health for Forensic Science, Medical College of Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an 710061, China.
Institute of Bioinformatics, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310029, China.


Fujian Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau, Fuzhou 350003, China. 621213wbc@163.com

Department of Genomics and Proteomics, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.

The Key Sericultural Laboratory of Agricultural Ministry, College of Sericulture and Biotechnology, Southwest Agricultural University, Chongqing 400716, China.
State Key Laboratory for Molecular Virology and Genetic Engineering, Institute of Viral Disease Control and Prevention, Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Beijing 100052, China.
Hangzhou Genomics Institute/James D. Watson Institute for Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University/Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics of Zhejiang Province, Hangzhou 310008, China.
Department of Biology, Howell Science Complex, East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353, USA. tangw@mail.ecu.edu
Department of Pathophysiology/National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology/Proteomics Research Center, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences/Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China.
Department of Biochemistry, National University of Singapore, 10 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119260.
Division of Microbiology, National Institute of Health Sciences, Japan. sachiko@nihs.go.jp
Department of Biology, Howell Science Complex, East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353, USA. tangw@mail.ecu.edu
Department of Molecular Genetics, National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences, Tsukuba 305-8602, Japan.
Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, University of Heidelberg, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany. maurer@uni-hd.de

Department of Biology, East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858, USA. stillerj@mail.ecu.edu
College of Life Sciences, Henan Normal University, Xinxiang 453007, China. xucs@x263.net.cn

Institute of Bioinformatics, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310029, China. jzhu@zju.edu.cn
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China. junyu@genomics.org.cn
Department of Dermatology, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Alabama, USA. chunming@uab.edu
Chien-Shiung Wu Laboratory, National Lab of Molecular and Biomolecular Electronics, Department of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing 210096, China. xuewang@seu.edu.cn
Department of Surgery, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.
Department of Computer Science, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310027, China.
Department of Microbiology and Cell Biology, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 560012, India. kpg@mcbl.iisc.ernet.in
Department of Statistics and Financial Mathematics, School of Mathematical Sciences, Beijing Normal University, Beijing 100875, China. jinj@genomics.org.cn

Beijing Genomics Institute, Beijing 101300, China. tongw@genomics.org.cn
Proteomics Research Center/National Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences/Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100005, China.
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101300, China.
Faculty of Mathematics, University of Belgrade, 11001 Belgrade, Serbia and Montenegro. gordana@matf.bg.ac.yu
Beijing Genomics Institute, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Beijing 101300, China.
State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, Southeast University, Nanjing 210096, China.
Shandong Provincial Research Center for Bioinformatic Engineering and Technique, Shandong University of Technology, Zibo 255049, China.
Nerviano Medical Sciences srl, 20014 Nerviano (MI), Italy. roberta.bosotti@nervianoms.com
Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.
Laboratory of Functional Genomics, Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, Singapore.
School of Computer Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. mchen_1@163.com
Department of Molecular Genetics, National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences, Tsukuba 305-8602, Japan. skomatsu@affrc.go.jp
Department of Computer Science, National University of Singapore. yaozhen@alumni.nus.edu.sg

Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University, Fujisawa 252-8520, Japan. mt@sfc.keio.ac.jp
School of Information Science and Engineering, Central South University, Changsha 410083, China. li_bin@126.com
Department of Mathematics, National University of Singapore. matky@nus.edu.sg
College of Software, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of the Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun 130012, China.
The Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Education for Bioinformatics, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.
Department of Biology, Howell Science Complex, East Carolina University, Greenville, NC 27858-4353, USA. tangw@mail.ecu.edu


The Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Education for Biodiversity Science and Ecological Engineering, College of Life Sciences, Beijing Normal University, China.
The Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Health for Forensic Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an 710061, China.

Medical Computing Laboratory, School of Computing, National University of Singapore. ligl@comp.nus.edu.sg
Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.
Department of Computer Science, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing 210097, China. xujianhua@njnu.edu.cn
National Laboratory of Industrial Control Technology, Institute of Modern Control Engineering, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310027, China. ymao@iipc.zju.edu.cn
Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100080, China, China. jfzhang@jdl.ac.cn
Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, 430074, China.
Graduate Program in Bioinformatics University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.; Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.; ECOSCOPE Training Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.; Peter Wall Institute for Advanced Studies, University of British Columbia.
Beaulieu-Saucier Université de Montréal Pharmacogenomics Centre, Montreal Heart Institute Research Center, Montréal, Canada H1T 1C8.; Beaulieu-Saucier Université de Montréal Pharmacogenomics Centre, Montreal Heart Institute Research Center, Montréal, Canada H1T 1C8.; Department of Biochemistry and molecular medicine, Université de Montréal, Montreal, Canada H3T 1J4.; Beaulieu-Saucier Université de Montréal Pharmacogenomics Centre, Montreal Heart Institute Research Center, Montréal, Canada H1T 1C8.; Beaulieu-Saucier Université de Montréal Pharmacogenomics Centre, Montreal Heart Institute Research Center, Montréal, Canada H1T 1C8.; Department of Medicine, Université de Montréal, Montreal, Canada H3T 1J4.
Department of CSE, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; R&D Information, Innovation Center China, AstraZeneca, Pudong, Shanghai 201203, China.; Department of CSE, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; Department of CSE, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; R&D Information, Innovation Center China, AstraZeneca, Pudong, Shanghai 201203, China.; Department of CSE, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; R&D Information, Innovation Center China, AstraZeneca, Pudong, Shanghai 201203, China.
Departments of Public Health Sciences and Oral Health Sciences, Program for Human Microbiome Research, The Biomedical Informatics Center Medical University of South Carolina, 135 Cannon Street, MSC 200, Charleston, SC 29466, USA.
Department of Biomedical Engineering and High-Throughput Biology Center, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering and High-Throughput Biology Center, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Institute for Systems Genetics and Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, NYU Langone Medical Center, New York, NY 10016, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering and High-Throughput Biology Center, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.
Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.
PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Saitama 332-0012, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Science, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561, Japan.; Biotechnology Research Institute for Drug Discovery, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Center for Genomic Medicine, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto, 606-8507 Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Science, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561, Japan.; Biotechnology Research Institute for Drug Discovery, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Center for Materials Research by Information Integration, NIMS, Ibaraki, 305-0047 Japan.; Biotechnology Research Institute for Drug Discovery, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.
Department of Chemistry and Structural Biology, Institut Pasteur, UMR CNRS, Paris 3528, France.; Hub Bioinformatique Et Biostatistique, Institut Pasteur, C3bi, USR 3756 IP CNRS Paris 3528, France.; Department of Chemistry and Structural Biology, Institut Pasteur, UMR CNRS, Paris 3528, France.; Department of Chemistry and Structural Biology, Institut Pasteur, UMR CNRS, Paris 3528, France.; Department of Chemistry and Structural Biology, Institut Pasteur, UMR CNRS, Paris 3528, France.; Hub Bioinformatique Et Biostatistique, Institut Pasteur, C3bi, USR 3756 IP CNRS Paris 3528, France.; Department of Chemistry and Structural Biology, Institut Pasteur, UMR CNRS, Paris 3528, France.
Bioinformatik - I12, TUM, Garching, 85748, Germany.; Biosof LLC, New York, NY 10001, USA.; Bioinformatik - I12, TUM, Garching, 85748, Germany.; Bioinformatik - I12, TUM, Garching, 85748, Germany.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Institute of Structure and Molecular Biology, University College London, London, UK.; Biological Chemistry and Drug Discovery, University of Dundee, Dundee, UK.; Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley, USA.; Bioinformatik - I12, TUM, Garching, 85748, Germany.; Biosof LLC, New York, NY 10001, USA.; Bioinformatik - I12, TUM, Garching, 85748, Germany.
College of Computer Science and Technology, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian 116024, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian 116024, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian 116024, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian 116024, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian 116024, China.
Graduate School of Information Sciences, Tohoku University, Sendai, Japan.; Graduate School of Information Sciences, Tohoku University, Sendai, Japan.; Institute of Development, Aging and Cancer, Tohoku University, Sendai, Japan.; Tohoku Medical Megabank Organization, Sendai, Japan.
Institute of Crop Sciences & Institute of Bioinformatics.; Institute of Crop Sciences & Institute of Bioinformatics.; Institute of Crop Sciences & Institute of Bioinformatics.; Institute of Crop Sciences & Institute of Bioinformatics.; Institute of Crop Sciences & Institute of Bioinformatics.; Institute of Crop Sciences & Institute of Bioinformatics.; Research Center of Air Pollution and Health, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, China.
Biomedical Instrument Institute, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Shanghai 200030, China. zhuowang@sjtu.edu.cn
James D. Watson Institute of Genome Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou Genomics Institute, Hangzhou 310008, China.
Computer Science and Technology Institute, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. lxmdwj@163.com
Faculty of Engineering and Technology, Multimedia University, 75450 Melaka, Malaysia. m3160300@mmu.edu.my
School of Software, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China. yingliu03@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn
Department for Simulation of Biological Systems, Wilhelm Schickard Institute, University of Tübingen, D-72076 Tübingen, Germany.




Department of Chemistry, Hanyang University, Seoul, South Korea.; Center for Genome Engineering, Institute for Basic Science, Seoul, South Korea.; Department of Chemistry, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea and.; Center for Genome Engineering, Institute for Basic Science, Seoul, South Korea.; Department of Chemistry, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea and.; Department of Chemistry, Hanyang University, Seoul, South Korea.; Research Institute for Convergence of Basic Sciences, Hanyang University, Seoul, South Korea.
John Innes Centre, Norwich Research Park, Norwich, UK.; Department of Biology and Chemistry, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong SAR, China.; John Innes Centre, Norwich Research Park, Norwich, UK.; John Innes Centre, Norwich Research Park, Norwich, UK.; John Innes Centre, Norwich Research Park, Norwich, UK.; Department of Biomedical Engineering and Genome Center, UC Davis, Davis, CA, USA.; John Innes Centre, Norwich Research Park, Norwich, UK.
Systems Immunology Lab.; Systems Immunology Lab.; Immuno-Genomics Research Unit.; Quantitative Immunology Research Unit.; Systems Immunology Lab.; Laboratory of Vaccine Science, WPI Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita; Laboratory of Adjuvant Innovation, National Institute of Biomedical Innovation, Osaka.; Quantitative Immunology Research Unit.; Systems Immunology Lab; Lab of Integrated Biological Information, Institute for Virus Research Kyoto University, Kyoto, Japan.
Department of Surgery, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Surgery, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Radiology, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Molecular Virology, Immunology and Medical Genetics, The Arthur G. James Comprehensive Cancer Center and Richard J. Solove Research Institute, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Surgery, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Surgery, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Medicine, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Surgery, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Molecular Virology, Immunology and Medical Genetics, The Arthur G. James Comprehensive Cancer Center and Richard J. Solove Research Institute, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.
Department of Agriculture, University of Naples "Federico II," Portici, Italy.; Department of Agriculture, University of Naples "Federico II," Portici, Italy.; Research Infrastructures for Marine Biological Resources (RIMAR), Stazione Zoologica Anton Dohrn Napoli, Naples, Italy.
LBSI, Fundación Instituto Leloir (IIBBA-CONICET), Buenos Aires, C1405BWE, Argentina.; RWTH Aachen University, Faculty of Medicine, Joint Research Centre for Computational Biomedicine, Aachen D-52074, Germany.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory-European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Hinxton CB10 1SD, UK.; IRCCyN UMR CNRS 6597, École Centrale de Nantes, Nantes 44321, France.; CNRS, UMR 6074-IRISA, 35042 Rennes, France.; Dyliss project, INRIA, Campus de Beaulieu, Rennes 35000, France.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1, Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; IMSBIO Co, Ltd, Tokyo 170-0013, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8562, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8562, Japan.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; LIRMM and Institut de Biologie Computationelle, CNRS and Université Montpellier, Montpellier, France.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.
Molecular Modeling and Drug Design Laboratory (MMDDL), Pharmacology Research Division, Bangladesh Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (BCSIR), Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Nanotechnology and Catalysis Research Center, University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.; Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, North South University, Dhaka, Bangladesh.; Department of Pharmacy, BGC Trust University Bangladesh, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.; Molecular Modeling and Drug Design Laboratory (MMDDL), Pharmacology Research Division, Bangladesh Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (BCSIR), Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Department of Mathematics and Physical Sciences, Louisiana State University, Alexandria, LA, USA.; Quantitative Analysis Core, Arthritis & Clinical Immunology Research Program, Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation, Oklahoma City, OK, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine & Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.
División de Ingeniería Eléctrica, Facultad de Ingeniería, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), México City, México.; División de Ingeniería Eléctrica, Facultad de Ingeniería, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), México City, México.; División de Ingeniería Eléctrica, Facultad de Ingeniería, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), México City, México.; Unidad de Posgrado, Facultad de Química, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), México City, México.; Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health, The University of Manchester, UK.; Instituto de Investigaciones Biomédicas, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), México City, México.
Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.; Distributed Information Centre (DIC), Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.; Distributed Information Centre (DIC), Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.; Distributed Information Centre (DIC), Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, Assam Agricultural University, Jorhat, India.
Institut für Chemie, Technische Universität Berlin, Berlin-Charlottenburg.; Technology Platform Genomics, Center for Biotechnology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Institut für Chemie, Technische Universität Berlin, Berlin-Charlottenburg.; Institut für Chemie, Technische Universität Berlin, Berlin-Charlottenburg.; Technology Platform Genomics, Center for Biotechnology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Institut für Chemie, Technische Universität Berlin, Berlin-Charlottenburg.
Department of Biology and Mathematics, School of Arts, Sciences, and Education, D'Youville College, Buffalo, NY, USA.; Department of Biology and Mathematics, School of Arts, Sciences, and Education, D'Youville College, Buffalo, NY, USA.
Department of Biology, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Brno University of Technology, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biology, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biology, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Czech Collection of Microorganisms, Department of Experimental Biology, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Brno University of Technology, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biology, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.
Department of Biology, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Biology, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
National Council of Science and Technology (CONACYT), Mexico City, Mexico.; Department of Information Systems and Computational Sciences, Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana, Unidad Lerma, Lerma de Villada, Estado de Mexico, Mexico.; Department of Nanotechnology, Center for Applied Physics and Advanced Technology, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Querétaro, Mexico.
Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Salzburg, Salzburg, Austria.
Department of Agronomy, Iowa State University, Ames, IA, USA.; Department of Agronomy, Iowa State University, Ames, IA, USA.
Department of Mathematics, Punjabi University, Patiala, Punjab, India.; Department of Mathematics, Punjabi University, Patiala, Punjab, India.; Department of Mathematics, Punjabi University, Patiala, Punjab, India.
Genetics and Biotechnology Department, Strategic Center for Diabetes Research, College of Medicine, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Saudi Human Genome Program, King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST), Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Saudi Human Genome Program, King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST), Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Genetics Department, King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Saudi Human Genome Program, King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST), Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Integrated Gulf Biosystems, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Pathology & Laboratory Medicine, King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Pathology & Laboratory Medicine, King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Integrated Gulf Biosystems, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Medicine, King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Alfaisal University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Saudi Human Genome Program, King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST), Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Genetics Department, King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Agronomy, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; Department of Agronomy, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; Department of Agronomy, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.
Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Public Health Virology, Forensic and Scientific Services, Department of Health, Queensland Government, Coopers Plains, QLD, Australia.; Public Health Virology, Forensic and Scientific Services, Department of Health, Queensland Government, Coopers Plains, QLD, Australia.; School of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, The University of Western Australia, Nedlands, WA, Australia.; Department of Health - Pathwest Laboratory Medicine WA, Nedlands, WA, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.; Australian Infectious Diseases Research Centre, School of Chemistry & Molecular Biosciences, The University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD, Australia.
Graduate Program in Plant Biotechnology, Federal University of Lavras (UFLA), Lavras, Brazil.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Parque Estação Biológica (PqEB), Brasília, Brazil.; Center of Molecular Biology and Genetic Engineering (CBMEG), University of Campinas (UNICAMP), Campinas, Brazil.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Parque Estação Biológica (PqEB), Brasília, Brazil.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Parque Estação Biológica (PqEB), Brasília, Brazil.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Parque Estação Biológica (PqEB), Brasília, Brazil.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Parque Estação Biológica (PqEB), Brasília, Brazil.; Graduate Program in Plant Biotechnology, Federal University of Lavras (UFLA), Lavras, Brazil.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Parque Estação Biológica (PqEB), Brasília, Brazil.
Department of Genetics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Department of Genetics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Department of Genetics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Ihnestraße 63-73, 14195 Berlin.; Institute for Medical Genetics and Human Genetics, Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger Platz 1, 13353 Berlin.; Smart Algos, Berlin, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Ihnestraße 63-73, 14195 Berlin.; Institute for Medical Genetics and Human Genetics, Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger Platz 1, 13353 Berlin.; Institute for Medical Genetics and Human Genetics, Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger Platz 1, 13353 Berlin.; Institute for Medical Genetics and Human Genetics, Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger Platz 1, 13353 Berlin.
PreClinical Safety, Translational Sciences, Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research, Basel, CH-4002, Switzerland.; PreClinical Safety, Translational Sciences, Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research, Basel, CH-4002, Switzerland.; PreClinical Safety, Translational Sciences, Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research, Basel, CH-4002, Switzerland.
Donald Danforth Plant Science Center, St. Louis, MO 63132, USA.; Donald Danforth Plant Science Center, St. Louis, MO 63132, USA.; Donald Danforth Plant Science Center, St. Louis, MO 63132, USA.; Donald Danforth Plant Science Center, St. Louis, MO 63132, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Cumming School of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4, Canada.; Doctoral Program in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics Stream, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Cumming School of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Cumming School of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4, Canada.; Doctoral Program in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics Stream, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4, Canada.; Department of Medical Genetics and Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta T2N 1N4, Canada.
University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.
Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), 4700 King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), 4700 King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), 4700 King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), 4700 King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), 4700 King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Department of Bioinformatics, Graduate School of Engineering, Soka University, Tokyo 192-8577, Japan.; Department of Bioinformatics, Graduate School of Engineering, Soka University, Tokyo 192-8577, Japan.; Department of Bioinformatics, Graduate School of Engineering, Soka University, Tokyo 192-8577, Japan.
Research and Innovation Center, Edmund Mach Foundation, 38010 S. Michele all'Adige, Italy.; Research and Innovation Center, Edmund Mach Foundation, 38010 S. Michele all'Adige, Italy.; Department of Molecular Medicine.; Department of Molecular Medicine.; Department of Biology, University of Padova, 35131 Padova, Italy.; Research and Innovation Center, Edmund Mach Foundation, 38010 S. Michele all'Adige, Italy.; Department of Molecular Medicine.; Research and Innovation Center, Edmund Mach Foundation, 38010 S. Michele all'Adige, Italy.
CSL Limited, Bio21 Institute, Parkville, Australia.; CSL Limited, Bio21 Institute, Parkville, Australia.; CSL Limited, Bio21 Institute, Parkville, Australia.; ACRF Stem Cells and Cancer Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Australia.; Department of Medical Biology, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia.; CSL Limited, Bio21 Institute, Parkville, Australia.; CSL Limited, Bio21 Institute, Parkville, Australia.; Molecular Medicine Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, Australia.; School of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Australia.
Center for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350K Copenhagen, Denmark.; Center for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350K Copenhagen, Denmark.; Université de Toulouse, University Paul Sabatier (UPS), Laboratoire AMIS, CNRS UMR 5288, Toulouse, France.; Center for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350K Copenhagen, Denmark.; Department of Zoology, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, CB2 3EJ, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK.; Center for GeoGenetics, Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen, 1350K Copenhagen, Denmark.; Université de Toulouse, University Paul Sabatier (UPS), Laboratoire AMIS, CNRS UMR 5288, Toulouse, France.
Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Faculty of Science, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Faculty of Science, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Faculty of Science, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, V6T 1Z4, Canada.
McDonnell Genome Institute.; Department of Internal Medicine.; Siteman Cancer Center.; McDonnell Genome Institute.; Siteman Cancer Center.; Department of Molecular Microbiology.; Department of Medicine.; Department of Genetics, Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO 63110, USA.; McDonnell Genome Institute.; Department of Internal Medicine.; Siteman Cancer Center.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63105, USA.
Biocomputing Group, BiGeA - CIG, Interdepartmental Center «Luigi Galvani» for Integrated Studies of Bioinformatics, Biophysics and Biocomplexity, University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy.; Biocomputing Group, BiGeA - CIG, Interdepartmental Center «Luigi Galvani» for Integrated Studies of Bioinformatics, Biophysics and Biocomplexity, University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy.; Department of Comparative Biomedicine and Food Science (BCA), University of Padova, Padova, Italy.; Biocomputing Group, BiGeA - CIG, Interdepartmental Center «Luigi Galvani» for Integrated Studies of Bioinformatics, Biophysics and Biocomplexity, University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy.; Interdepartmental Center «Giorgio Prodi» for Cancer Research, University of Bologna, Bologna, Italy
Clemson Computing & Information Technology.; Clemson University Department of Genetics & Biochemistry, Clemson, SC 29634, USA.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; The Department of Life Sciences & the National Institute for Biotechnology in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.; The Department of Life Sciences & the National Institute for Biotechnology in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.; The Department of Life Sciences & the National Institute for Biotechnology in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology Department, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; International Computer Science Institute, Berkeley, CA, USA.; The Department of Life Sciences & the National Institute for Biotechnology in the Negev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Halle (Saale), Germany.; German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany.; Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Halle (Saale), Germany.
Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Campus Belval, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; Center for Systems Biology, University of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Campus Belval, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; Center for Systems Biology, University of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland.; Center for Systems Biology, University of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland.; Center for Systems Biology, University of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland.; Center for Systems Biology, University of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland.; Center for Systems Biology, University of Iceland, Reykjavik, Iceland.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Campus Belval, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Campus Belval, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Campus Belval, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.
Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN 37203, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN 37203, USA.; Department of Public Health Sciences.; Department of Oral Health Sciences, Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, SC 29403, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
T-Life Research Center, Department of Physics, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, People's Republic of China.; T-Life Research Center, Department of Physics, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, People's Republic of China.; Department of Genetics, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602, USA.
Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, FONDAP Center for Genome Regulation, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 8331150, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, Departamento de Ciencias de la Computación, Facultad de Ingeniería, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 7820436, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, FONDAP Center for Genome Regulation, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 8331150, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, FONDAP Center for Genome Regulation, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 8331150, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, FONDAP Center for Genome Regulation, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 8331150, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, FONDAP Center for Genome Regulation, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 8331150, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, Departamento de Ciencias de la Computación, Facultad de Ingeniería, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 7820436, Chile.; Millennium Nucleus Center for Plant Systems and Synthetic Biology, FONDAP Center for Genome Regulation, Departamento de Genética Molecular y Microbiología, Facultad de Ciencias Biológicas, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago 8331150, Chile.

Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb, Unska 3, Zagreb, HR 10000, Croatia.; Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb, Unska 3, Zagreb, HR 10000, Croatia.; Bioinformatics Institute, A*STAR, #07-01 Matrix, 138671 Singapore, Singapore.
Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Quartier Sorge, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science, University of Geneva, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Quartier Sorge, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science, University of Geneva, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland.; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Quartier Sorge, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.


Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 1L3, Canada.; Genome Science and Technology Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Centre for Lymphoid Cancer, Department of Medical Oncology, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada.; Centre for Lymphoid Cancer, Department of Lymphoid Cancer Research, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada.; Terry Fox Laboratory and Department of Pathology, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada.; Centre for Lymphoid Cancer, Department of Medical Oncology, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 1L3, Canada.; Genome Science and Technology Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, British Columbia V5A 1S6, Canada.; Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia V6T 1Z4, Canada.
University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada.

Departments of Genetics and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, USA.; 23 and Me Inc, Mountain View, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Department of Epidemiology, Bloomberg School of Public Health, JHU, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences.; Institute for Human Genetics.; Quantitative Biosciences Institute, University of California, San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Institute for Genome Sciences.; Program in Personalized and Genomic Medicine.; Department of Epidemiology, Bloomberg School of Public Health, JHU, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Departments of Genetics and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, USA.; Departments of Genetics and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, USA.; 23 and Me Inc, Mountain View, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Biomedical Sciences Graduate Program, University of California, San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.

School of Biological Sciences.; Biomolecular Interaction Centre.; School of Biological Sciences.; Biomolecular Interaction Centre.; Bio-Protection Research Centre, University of Canterbury, Christchurch, New Zealand.
Department of Bioengineering.; Biomedical Informatics Training Program.; Department of Bioengineering.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, University of Göttingen, Institute of Microbiology and Genetics, Goldschmidtstr. 1, 37077?Göttingen, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, University of Göttingen, Institute of Microbiology and Genetics, Goldschmidtstr. 1, 37077?Göttingen, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, University of Göttingen, Institute of Microbiology and Genetics, Goldschmidtstr. 1, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; University of Göttingen, Center for Computational Sciences, Goldschmidtstr. 1, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.
School of Life Sciences, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; School of Life Sciences, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China; School of Biomedical Engineering, Science and Health System, Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Institute for Human Genetics.; Cardiovascular Research Institute, University of California San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Hong Kong Bioinformatics Centre.; School of Life Sciences, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Centre for Soybean Research, State Key Laboratory of Agrobiotechnology, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Hong Kong Bioinformatics Centre.
Division of Nutritional Sciences, Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Division of Nutritional Sciences, Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Division of Nutritional Sciences, Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Division of Nutritional Sciences, Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Division of Nutritional Sciences, Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Dairy Science, South Dakota State University, Brookings, SD, USA.; Division of Nutritional Sciences, Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Biomedical Informatics Lab, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.; Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore, Singapore.; Biomedical Informatics Lab, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.; Biomedical Informatics Lab, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.; Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore, Singapore.; Biomedical Informatics Lab, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.; Genome Institute of Singapore, A*STAR, Singapore, Singapore.; Complexity Institute, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.
Interdisciplinary Biological Sciences Program, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Molecular Biosciences, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Molecular Biosciences, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.








Division of Cardiology, University of Nebraska Medical Center, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; LIX, CNRS/Inria AMIB, Ecole Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France.; Institute for Bioinformatics, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.
Research Center for Epigenetic Disease, Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Research Center for Epigenetic Disease, Institute of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Core Research for Evolutional Science and Technology (CREST), Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Japan.
Department of Veterinary Surgery & Radiology, College of Veterinary & Animal Sciences, GBPUAT, Pantnagar - 263 145, Uttarakhand, India.; Center for Systems and Computational Biology, Molecular and Cellular Oncogenesis Program, The Wistar Institute, 19104 Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Center for Systems and Computational Biology, Molecular and Cellular Oncogenesis Program, The Wistar Institute, 19104 Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Bari, Italy.; Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Bari, Italy.; CINECA, Rome, Italy.; Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Bari, Italy.; Department of Oncological Surgery, Gynecologic Oncology Unit, "Regina Elena" National Cancer Institute, Rome, Italy.; Department of Oncological Surgery, Gynecologic Oncology Unit, "Regina Elena" National Cancer Institute, Rome, Italy.; Department of Cell Biology and Neurosciences, Italian National Institute of Health, Rome, Italy.; Lazzaro Spallanzani National Institute for Infectious Diseases, Rome, Italy.; Lazzaro Spallanzani National Institute for Infectious Diseases, Rome, Italy.; Department of Cell Biology and Neurosciences, Italian National Institute of Health, Rome, Italy.; Algorithms, Bioinformatics, Complexity and Formal Methods Research Group, Technical University of Catalonia, Barcelona, Spain.; Institute of Biomembranes and Bioenergetics, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Bari, Italy.; Department of Biosciences, Biotechnology and Biopharmaceutics, University of Bari "A. Moro", Bari, Italy.
Department of Biology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Curriculum in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Biology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Curriculum in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.
HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; Rheumatology Research Group, Vall d'Hebron Hospital Research Institute, Barcelona, Spain.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; Department of Genetics, The University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; Department of Genetics, The University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.; Rheumatology Research Group, Vall d'Hebron Hospital Research Institute, Barcelona, Spain.; HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Huntsville, AL, USA.
Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.
Department of Systems Biology, Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, The Technical University of Denmark, Building 208, Lyngby, Denmark.; Assays, Culture and Enzymes Division, Chr. Hansen A/S,  Hørsholm, Denmark.
Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Halle, Germany.; Department of Stress and Developmental Biology, Leibniz Institute of Plant Biochemistry, Halle, Germany.; Institut d'Investigació en Intel ligència Artificial, IIIA-CSIC, Campus UAB, Cerdanyola, Spain.; Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, Halle, Germany.; German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany.



Amity Institute of Biotechnology, Amity University, Noida, India.; School of Life Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, India.; Amity Institute of Biotechnology, Amity University, Noida, India.
Laboratório de Modelagem de Sistemas Biológicos, Instituto Nacional de Ciência e Tecnologia de Inovação em Doenças de Populações Negligenciadas (INCT-IDPN), Centro de Desenvolvimento Tecnológico em Saúde (CDTS), Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique (UPR 9080), Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS), Université Paris 7, Paris, France.; Molécules Thérapeutiques in silico (UMR-S 973), Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM), Université Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France.; Laboratório de Genômica Funcional e Bioinformática, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz (IOC), Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Genômica Funcional e Bioinformática, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz (IOC), Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Modelagem de Sistemas Biológicos, Instituto Nacional de Ciência e Tecnologia de Inovação em Doenças de Populações Negligenciadas (INCT-IDPN), Centro de Desenvolvimento Tecnológico em Saúde (CDTS), Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Molécules Thérapeutiques in silico (UMR-S 973), Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM), Université Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique (UPR 9080), Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS), Université Paris 7, Paris, France.; Laboratório de Modelagem de Sistemas Biológicos, Instituto Nacional de Ciência e Tecnologia de Inovação em Doenças de Populações Negligenciadas (INCT-IDPN), Centro de Desenvolvimento Tecnológico em Saúde (CDTS), Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, Center for Quantitative Genetics and Genomics, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.; Department of Control and Computer Engineering, Politecnico di Torino, Torino, Italy.
Animal Genetics and Genomics Laboratory, Office of International Programs, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY, USA.; Escuela de Bioingenierias, Tecnologico de Monterrey, Campus Querétaro, Santiago de Querétaro, Mexico.; Animal Genetics and Genomics Laboratory, Office of International Programs, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY, USA.; Department Molecular Biology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Escuela de Bioingenierias, Tecnologico de Monterrey, Campus Querétaro, Santiago de Querétaro, Mexico.; Department of Animal Science, Berry College, Mount Berry, GA, USA.; Animal Genetics and Genomics Laboratory, Office of International Programs, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY, USA.; African Institute for Biosciences Research and Training, Ibadan, Nigeria.; School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA, USA.; Department of Biomedical Sciences, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY, USA.
Fakultät Informatik/Mathematik, Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft Dresden, Dresden, Germany.; Zentrum für Informationsdienste und Hochleistungsrechnen (ZIH), Technische Universität Dresden, Dresden, Germany.; Fakultät Informatik/Mathematik, Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft Dresden, Dresden, Germany.; Institut für Medizinische Informatik und Biometrie, Medizinische Fakultät Carl Gustav Carus, Dresden, Germany.; Nationales Centrum für Tumorerkrankungen (NCT) Dresden, Dresden, Germany.; Fakultät Informatik/Mathematik, Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft Dresden, Dresden, Germany.; Zentrum für Informationsdienste und Hochleistungsrechnen (ZIH), Technische Universität Dresden, Dresden, Germany.
Key Laboratory of Fermentation Engineering, Ministry of Education; Hubei Key Laboratory of Industrial Microbiology; Hubei Collaborative Innovation Center for Industrial Fermentation; Hubei University of Technology, Wuhan, P.R. China.; Key Laboratory of Fermentation Engineering, Ministry of Education; Hubei Key Laboratory of Industrial Microbiology; Hubei Collaborative Innovation Center for Industrial Fermentation; Hubei University of Technology, Wuhan, P.R. China.; College of Pharmacy and Biological Engineering, Chengdu University, Chengdu, P.R. China.
Insilicogen, Inc., Suwon-si, Republic of Korea.; GreenGene Biotech Inc., Yongin, Republic of Korea.; Division of Biosciences and Bioinformatics, Myongji University, Yongin, Republic of Korea.; Division of Biosciences and Bioinformatics, Myongji University, Yongin, Republic of Korea.; GreenGene Biotech Inc., Yongin, Republic of Korea.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Jeonju, Republic of Korea.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Jeonju, Republic of Korea.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Jeonju, Republic of Korea.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Jeonju, Republic of Korea.; Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, National Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Jeonju, Republic of Korea.; Department of Biology, College of Biological Sciences and Biotechnology, Chungnam National University, Daejeon, Republic of Korea.; GreenGene Biotech Inc., Yongin, Republic of Korea.; Division of Biosciences and Bioinformatics, Myongji University, Yongin, Republic of Korea.; Division of Biosciences and Bioinformatics, Myongji University, Yongin, Republic of Korea.
Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Applied Science, King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok, Bangkok, Thailand.; Advanced Virtual and Intelligent Computing (AVIC) Center, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Quantum, FI-20014 Turku, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Quantum, FI-20014 Turku, Finland.
Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, College of Engineering, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, Taiwan.; Department of Ophthalmology, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Keelung, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, College of Engineering, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, College of Engineering, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, College of Engineering, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, College of Engineering, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, Taiwan.
Biodiversity Research Center, Academia Sinica (BRCAS), Taipei, Taiwan.; Biodiversity Research Center, Academia Sinica (BRCAS), Taipei, Taiwan.; Biodiversity Research Center, Academia Sinica (BRCAS), Taipei, Taiwan.; Biodiversity Research Center, Academia Sinica (BRCAS), Taipei, Taiwan.
University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
Computer Architecture and Operating Systems Department, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Plant Sciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.; Computer Architecture and Operating Systems Department, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.; Centre for Research in Agricultural Genomics (CRAG), CSIC-IRTA-UAB-UB, Barcelona, Spain.; Centre for Research in Agricultural Genomics (CRAG), CSIC-IRTA-UAB-UB, Barcelona, Spain.
Basic Science Department, Faculty of Engineering, Delta University, Mansoura, Egypt.; Mathematics & Computer Science Dept. Faculty of Science, PortSaid University, PortSaid, Egypt.
Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Research Centre of Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Research Centre of Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.
Department of Mathematics, Punjabi University, Patiala, India.; Department of Mathematics, Punjabi University, Patiala, India.
Laboratório de Modelagem de Sistemas Biológicos, National Institute for Science and Technology on Innovation in Neglected Diseases (INCT-IDN), Centro de Desenvolvimento Tecnológico em Saúde (CDTS), Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Bioquímica e Fisiologia de Insetos, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (IOC/FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Biologia Computacional e Sistemas, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (IOC/FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Doenças Parasitárias, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (IOC, FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Bioquímica e Fisiologia de Insetos, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (IOC/FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Departamento de Entomologia Molecular, Instituto Nacional de Entomologia Molecular (INCT-EM), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Department of Computer Science, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu, Taiwan.; Big Data Research Center, Department of Computer Science and Communication Engineering, Providence University, Taichung, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, Chang Gung University, Taoyuan, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Communication Engineering, Providence University, Taichung, Taiwan.; College of Computing and Informatics, Providence University, Taichung, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, Providence University, Taichung, Taiwan.
BDX Research & Consulting LLC, Fairfax, VA, USA.; BDX Research & Consulting LLC, Fairfax, VA, USA.; BDX Research & Consulting LLC, Fairfax, VA, USA.; Washon MedData, Inc, McLean, VA, USA.; International Applied Technology Research Institute, Vienna, VA, USA.
Department of Microbiology, University of Chittagong, Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Faculty of Applied Sciences, Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), Shah Alam, Malaysia.; Faculty of Applied Sciences, Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), Shah Alam, Malaysia.; Faculty of Science and Technology, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Bangi, Malaysia.; Faculty of Computer and Mathematical Sciences, Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), Shah Alam, Malaysia.; Faculty of Applied Sciences, Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), Shah Alam, Malaysia.; Integrative Pharmacogenomics Institute (iPROMISE), Bandar Puncak Alam, Malaysia.
Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Research Center of Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Master of Biotechnology Program, Postgraduate School, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Faculty of Medicine, Universitas Jenderal Achmad Yani, Cimahi, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Research Center of Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.
Division of Biotechnology, Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Kashan, Kashan, Iran.; Department of Biology, Friedrich Alexander University of Erlangen-Nürnberg, Erlangen, Germany.; Division of Biotechnology, Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Kashan, Kashan, Iran.; Department of Genetics, Faculty of Science, Shahid Chamran University of Ahvaz, Ahvaz, Iran.
Department of Mathematical Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Mathematics, Statistics, and Computer Science, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Information Technology Services Center, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Kowloon, Hong Kong.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; College of Computer and Control Engineering, Nankai University, Tianjin, China.; Department of Mathematics, Statistics, and Computer Science, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Mind and Brain Theme, South Australian Health and Medical Research Institute, North Terrace, Adelaide, SA, Australia.; School of Medicine, Flinders University, Adelaide, SA, Australia.; Department of Biological Sciences, Chicago State University, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Statistics, and Computer Science, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
Division of Genetics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi, India.; Amity Institute of Biotechnology, Amity University, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.; Amity Institute of Biotechnology, Amity University, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.; Division of Genetics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi, India.; Division of Genetics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi, India.; Division of Genetics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi, India.; Maize Research Lab, Division of Genetics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi, India.
Grupo de Estudio en Parasitología Molecular (GEPAMOL), Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Investigación y Asesoría en Estadística, Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Estudio en Parasitología Molecular (GEPAMOL), Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.
Department of Botany, Faculty of Science, Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic.; Institute of Botany, Czech Academy of Sciences, Průhonice, Czech Republic.
Department of Life and Consumer Sciences, College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, University of South Africa, Roodepoort, South Africa.; Department of Life and Consumer Sciences, College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, University of South Africa, Roodepoort, South Africa.; Department of Life and Consumer Sciences, College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, University of South Africa, Roodepoort, South Africa.
Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, Department of Biosciences, COMSATS Institute of Information Technology, Sahiwal, Pakistan.; Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, Department of Biosciences, COMSATS Institute of Information Technology, Sahiwal, Pakistan.; Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; State Key Laboratory for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, Collaborative Innovation Center for Diagnosis and Treatment of Infectious Diseases, The First Affiliated Hospital, College of Medicine, Zhejiang University, China.
CIBIO, University of Trento, Trento, Italy.; Caryl and Israel Englander Institute for Precision Medicine, New York Presbyterian Hospital-Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, NY, USA.; Genomics Core Facility.; Caryl and Israel Englander Institute for Precision Medicine, New York Presbyterian Hospital-Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, NY, USA.; Institute for Computational Biomedicine, Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, NY, USA.; CIBIO, University of Trento, Trento, Italy.; Institute for Computational Biomedicine, Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, NY, USA.
Department of Statistics, Faculty of Science, The University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.; Department of Statistics, Faculty of Science, The University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.
Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Biotechnology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Computer Science, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore, Pakistan.
Department of Biochemistry, Centre for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Pretoria, Pretoria, South Africa.; Department of Biochemistry, Centre for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Pretoria, Pretoria, South Africa.
Department of Electronic Engineering, National Kaohsiung University of Science and Technology, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Graduate Institute of Clinical Medicine, Kaohsiung Medical University, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Department of Electronic Engineering, National Kaohsiung University of Science and Technology, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Kaohsiung University of Science and Technology, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Department of Chemical Engineering, Institute of Biotechnology and Chemical Engineering, I-Shou University, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Institute of Medical Science and Technology, National Sun Yat-sen University, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Department of Medical Research, Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital, Kaohsiung Medical University, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.; Department of Biomedical Science and Environmental Biology, Kaohsiung Medical University, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Centre for Evolutionary Ecology, Aushmath Biosciences, Coimbatore, India.; Amrita Centre for Nanosciences, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Kochi, India.; Department of Plant Biotechnology, School of Biotechnology, Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai, India.; Department of Biotechnology, Vignan's University, Guntur, India.; Centre for Evolutionary Ecology, Aushmath Biosciences, Coimbatore, India.; Department of Biotechnology, Vignan's University, Guntur, India.
Departamento de Biologia Geral, Universidade Federal de Viçosa, Viçosa, Brazil.; Instituto de Física de São Carlos, Universidade de São Paulo, São Carlos, Brazil.; Instituto de Física de São Carlos, Universidade de São Paulo, São Carlos, Brazil.; Departamento de Biologia Geral, Universidade Federal de Viçosa, Viçosa, Brazil.; Departamento de Bioquímica e Biologia Molecular, Universidade Federal de Viçosa, Viçosa, Brazil.; Instituto de Física de São Carlos, Universidade de São Paulo, São Carlos, Brazil.; Departamento de Biologia Geral, Universidade Federal de Viçosa, Viçosa, Brazil.
Computer Engineering Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Computer Engineering Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Computer Engineering Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.
Center for Biological Sequence Analysis, Department of Systems Biology, The Technical University of Denmark, DK-2800 Lyngby, Denmark.; Assays, Culture and Enzymes Division, DK-2970 Hørsholm, Denmark.; Comparative Genomics Group, Biosciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN, USA.; Department Biomedical Informatics, College of Medicine, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, USA.; Comparative Genomics Group, Biosciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN, USA.; Department Biomedical Informatics, College of Medicine, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, USA.; Assays, Culture and Enzymes Division, DK-2970?Hørsholm, Denmark.
Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and.; Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and.; Plate-forme SIGENAE, INRA, GenPhyse, Castanet-Tolosan Cedex, France.; Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and.; Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and.; Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and.; Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and.; Plate-forme Bio-informatique Genotoul, INRA, UR875 Mathmatiques et Informatique Appliques Toulouse, Castanet-Tolosan, France and Plate-forme SIGENAE, INRA, GenPhyse, Castanet-Tolosan Cedex, France.
Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.; Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.; Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.; Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 230027, China.; Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.; Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.; Molecular and Cell Genetics Laboratory, The CAS Key Laboratory of Innate Immunity and Chronic Diseases, Hefei National Laboratory for Physical Sciences at Microscale, School of Life Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, University of Science and Technology of China, Collaborative Innovation Center of Genetics and Development, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Hefei 230027, China.
Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; School of Life Sciences Weihenstephan, Technical University of Munich, Freising 85354, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; School of Life Sciences Weihenstephan, Technical University of Munich, Freising 85354, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technical University of Munich, Garching 85748, Germany.
Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research, 38124 Brunswick, Germany.; Max von Pettenkofer-Institute for Hygiene and Clinical Microbiology, Ludwig-Maximilian University of Munich, 80336 Munich, Germany.; German Centre for Infection Research (DZIF), Partner Site Hanover-Brunswick, 38124 Brunswick, Germany.; Max von Pettenkofer-Institute for Hygiene and Clinical Microbiology, Ludwig-Maximilian University of Munich, 80336 Munich, Germany.; DZIF, Partner Site LMU Munich, 80336 Munich, Germany.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research, 38124 Brunswick, Germany.; German Centre for Infection Research (DZIF), Partner Site Hanover-Brunswick, 38124 Brunswick, Germany.; Department of Algorithmic Bioinformatics.; Cluster of Excellence on Plant Sciences (CEPLAS), Heinrich Heine University Dusseldorf, 40225 Dusseldorf, Germany.
INRA UR875, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées de Toulouse (MIAT), Auzeville, 31326 Castanet-Tolosan, France.; CNRS UMR7590, Sorbonne Universités, Université Pierre et Marie Curie - Paris 6, MNHN, IRD - IUC, Paris, France.; INRA UR875, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées de Toulouse (MIAT), Auzeville, 31326 Castanet-Tolosan, France.; INRA UR875, Unité Mathématiques et Informatique Appliquées de Toulouse (MIAT), Auzeville, 31326 Castanet-Tolosan, France.
Department of Bioinformatics, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA, USA.; 23andMe, Mountain View, CA, USA.
Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.
College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.; Department of Biochemistry.; Institute for Protein Design.; Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.; Genome Center.; Department of Chemistry.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, University of California Davis, Davis, CA 95616, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Massachusetts Dartmouth, Dartmouth, MA 02747, USA.; College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Japan Society for the Promotion of Science, Tokyo 102-0083, Japan.; Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory, AIST-Waseda University, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.
Department of Information Technology, IDLab, Ghent University-IMEC, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Institute Ghent, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Nucleomics Core, VIB, Leuven 3000, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Institute Ghent, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Center for Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Institute Ghent, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Center for Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Department of Genetics, Genome Research Institute, University of Pretoria, Pretoria 0028, South Africa.; Department of Information Technology, IDLab, Ghent University-IMEC, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Institute Ghent, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Department of Information Technology, IDLab, Ghent University-IMEC, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Institute Ghent, Ghent University, Ghent 9052, Belgium.
Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown 6140, South Africa.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown 6140, South Africa.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown 6140, South Africa.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown 6140, South Africa.; Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Sabanci University, Tuzla 34956, Istanbul, Turkey.; Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Sabanci University, Tuzla 34956, Istanbul, Turkey.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown 6140, South Africa.

Asan Institute for Life Sciences, Asan Medical Center, Seoul 138-736, Korea.; Department of Chemistry, Seoul National University, Seoul 151-747, Korea.; Department of Chemistry, Seoul National University, Seoul 151-747, Korea.; Department of Convergence Medicine.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Ulsan College of Medicine, Seoul 138-736, Korea.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Ulsan College of Medicine, Seoul 138-736, Korea.; Asan Institute for Life Sciences, Asan Medical Center, Seoul 138-736, Korea.; Department of Convergence Medicine.
Department of Biology, BYU, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, BYU, Provo, UT 84602, USA.; Department of Biology, BYU, Provo, UT 84602, USA.
The Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.; The Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI 02881, USA.; The Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.; Department of Genetics, Department of Pathology and Immunology, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO 63110, USA.; The Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.; School of Life Sciences, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.
Center for Individualized Medicine.; Center for Individualized Medicine.; Department of Surgery.; Center for Individualized Medicine.; Department of Surgery.; Department of Physiology and Biomedical Engineering, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.
Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.; Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.
Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Plant Biology Section, School of Integrative Plant Science, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Plant Biology Section, School of Integrative Plant Science, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; U.S. Department of Agriculture-Agricultural Research Service, Robert W. Holley Center for Agriculture and Health, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Plant Biology Section, School of Integrative Plant Science, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; U.S. Department of Agriculture-Agricultural Research Service, Robert W. Holley Center for Agriculture and Health, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Plant Biology Section, School of Integrative Plant Science, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Boyce Thompson Institute, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.
Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Department of Computer Science, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.
Department of Human Protein Science, Faculty of Medicine, University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland.; CALIPHO Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CMU, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland.; CALIPHO Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CMU, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland.; CALIPHO Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CMU, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland.; CALIPHO Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CMU, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland.; Department of Human Protein Science, Faculty of Medicine, University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland.; CALIPHO Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CMU, 1211 Geneva 4, Switzerland.
Systems Biology Group, Life Sciences Research Unit, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Systems Biology Group, Life Sciences Research Unit, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Systems Biology Group, Life Sciences Research Unit, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Systems Biology Group, Life Sciences Research Unit, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.
Department of Cancer Biology.; Quantitative Systems Biology Center, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Quantitative Systems Biology Center, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.; Chemical and Physical Biology Graduate Program, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.; Department of Cancer Biology.; Quantitative Systems Biology Center, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Human and Social Sciences, University of Bergamo, Bergamo, Italy.; Department of Cancer Biology.; Quantitative Systems Biology Center, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN 37232, USA.
Department of Mathematical and Life Sciences.; Research Center for Mathematics on Chromatin Live Dynamics, Hiroshima University, Kagami-yama 1-3-1, Higashi-Hiroshima, 739-8526, Japan.
Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.
Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.; Institute of Information Science, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Center for Genome Sciences and Systems Biology, Washington University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Washington University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Center for Genome Sciences and Systems Biology, Washington University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering and Center for Genome Sciences and Systems Biology, Washington University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.
University of Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, F-59000 Lille, France.; University of Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, F-59000 Lille, France.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels, ULB/VUB, B-1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Structural Biology Research Centre, VIB, B-1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Structural Biology Brussels, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, B-1050 Brussels, Belgium.; University of Lille, CNRS UMR8576 UGSF, F-59000 Lille, France.
Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, 24 Cummington Mall, Boston, MA, USA.; Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, 24 Cummington Mall, Boston, MA, USA.; Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, 24 Cummington Mall, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Microbiology, National Emerging Infectious Diseases Laboratories (NEIDL), Boston Univeristy, 620 Albany St, Boston, MA, USA.; Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, 24 Cummington Mall, Boston, MA, USA.; Bioinformatics Program, Boston University, 24 Cummington Mall, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Microbiology, National Emerging Infectious Diseases Laboratories (NEIDL), Boston Univeristy, 620 Albany St, Boston, MA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Carleton College, Northfield, MN, USA.; Institute of Mathematics and Statistics, Fluminense Federal University, Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.
Data Intensive Computing, CRS4 (Center of Advanced Studies, Research and Development in Sardinia), Pula 09010, Italy.; Data Intensive Computing, CRS4 (Center of Advanced Studies, Research and Development in Sardinia), Pula 09010, Italy.; Data Intensive Computing, CRS4 (Center of Advanced Studies, Research and Development in Sardinia), Pula 09010, Italy.
Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Molecular Network Control Genomics Unit, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.; RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies (Division of Genomic Technologies) (CLST (DGT)), Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.; RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical Sciences, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Suita, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.; RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies (Division of Genomic Technologies) (CLST (DGT)), Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.; Molecular Network Control Genomics Unit, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Yokohama, Kanagawa 230-0045, Japan.
Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute, New York, NY 10010, USA.; Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute, New York, NY 10010, USA.; Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute, New York, NY 10010, USA.; Department of Biology, Center for Genomics and Systems Biology, New York University, New York, NY 10003, USA.; Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University, New York, NY, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Biomedical and Translational Informatics Institute, Geisinger, Danville, PA, 17822 USA.; Biomedical and Translational Informatics Institute, Geisinger, Danville, PA, 17822 USA.; Biomedical and Translational Informatics Institute, Geisinger, Danville, PA, 17822 USA.; Biomedical and Translational Informatics Institute, Geisinger, Danville, PA, 17822 USA.
Mathematics Department, University of Alicante, Alicante 03690, Spain.; Genomics of Gene Expression Laboratory, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe, Valencia 42012, Spain.; Genomics of Gene Expression Laboratory, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe, Valencia 42012, Spain.; Genomics of Gene Expression Laboratory, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe, Valencia 42012, Spain.; Applied Statistics, Operational Research and Quality Department, Politechnic University of Valencia, Valencia 46020, Spain.; Genomics of Gene Expression Laboratory, Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe, Valencia 42012, Spain.; Microbiology and Cell Science Department, Institute for Food and Agricultural Research, University of Florida, FL 32611, USA.
Sorbonne Universités, UPMC-Univ P6, CNRS, IBPS, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative-UMR 7238, 75005 Paris, France.; Sorbonne Universités, UPMC-Univ P6, CNRS, IBPS, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative-UMR 7238, 75005 Paris, France.; Institut Universitaire de France, 75005 Paris, France.
National Institute of Informatics, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-8430, Japan.; JST PRESTO, Kawaguchi, Saitama 332-0012, Japan.; D-BSSE, ETH Zürich.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; D-BSSE, ETH Zürich.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; D-BSSE, ETH Zürich.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel 4058, Switzerland.
École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Biomedical Imaging Group, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Heidelberg University, Interdisziplinären Zentrums für Wissenschaftliches Rechnen/Heidelberg Collaboratory for Image Processing (IWR/HCI), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Heidelberg University, Interdisziplinären Zentrums für Wissenschaftliches Rechnen/Heidelberg Collaboratory for Image Processing (IWR/HCI), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Biomedical Imaging Group, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Cambridge Biomedical Campus, Cambridge CB2 0QH, UK.; Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; MTA-ELTE Momentum Bioinformatics Research Group, Department of Biochemistry, Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; MTA-ELTE Momentum Bioinformatics Research Group, Department of Biochemistry, Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.
Department of Computer Science, University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL 33124, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL 33124, USA.
HHMI Janelia Research Campus, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA.; HHMI Janelia Research Campus, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA.; HHMI Janelia Research Campus, Ashburn, VA 20147, USA.
Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; School of Biology, University of St. Andrews, St. Andrews, Fife KY16 9TH, UK.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology, University of Bologna Alma Mater, 40126 Bologna, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, 00133 Rome, Italy.
Transcriptome Bioinformatics Group, Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig.; Chair of Bioinformatics, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig, Germany.; ecSeq Bioinformatics, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.; Transcriptome Bioinformatics Group, Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig.; Chair of Bioinformatics, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig, Germany.; Institute of Human Genetics, University of Ulm and University of Ulm Medical Center, 89081 Ulm, Germany.; Transcriptome Bioinformatics Group, Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig.; Chair of Bioinformatics, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig, Germany.; Computational Biology Group, Leibniz Institute on Ageing - Fritz Lipmann Institute (FLI) and Friedrich-Schiller-University Jena, 07745 Jena, Germany.
Structural Bioinformatics Lab, Department of Experimental and Health Science, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Division of Metabolic and Vascular Health, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4?7AL, UK.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab, Department of Experimental and Health Science, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Laboratory of Protein Design and Immunoenginneering, School of Engineering, Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab, Department of Experimental and Health Science, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Institute of Biological, Environmental and Rural Sciences, Aberystwyth University, Aberystwyth SY23?3DA, UK.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab, Department of Experimental and Health Science, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08003, Spain.
Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Molecular Pathology Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Charlestown, MA 02129, USA.
Department of Biochemistry, Vanderbilt University, 2215 Garland Avenue, Nashville, TN 37212, USA.; Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of California Irvine, 4130 Engineering Gateway, Irvine, CA 92697-2175, USA.; Department of Earth System Science, University of California Irvine, 3200 Croul Hall St, Irvine, CA 92697-2175, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, Vanderbilt University, 2215 Garland Avenue, Nashville, TN 37212, USA.
College of Horticulture, State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, No.6 Tongwei Road Nanjing, P. R. China, 210095.; College of Horticulture, State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, No.6 Tongwei Road Nanjing, P. R. China, 210095.; Department of Rural Development, Nanjing Agricultural University, No.6 Tongwei Road Nanjing, P. R. China, 210095.; Bioinformatics Core, Purdue University, 155 South Grant Street, West Lafayette, Indiana 47907, USA.; Bioinformatics Core, Purdue University, 155 South Grant Street, West Lafayette, Indiana 47907, USA.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Institute for Medical-Oriented Structural Biology, Waseda University, Tokyo 162-8480, Japan.; Graduate School of Medicine, Nippon Medical School, Tokyo 113-8602, Japan.
Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Department of Life Science Informatics, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.














Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics.; Departments of Tumor Biology and Cutaneous Oncology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute, Tampa, FL 33612, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics.; Departments of Tumor Biology and Cutaneous Oncology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute, Tampa, FL 33612, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.
Biomedical Informatics Laboratory, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.; Bioinformatics Institute, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore, Singapore.; Biomedical Informatics Laboratory, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.; Genome Institute of Singapore, Agency for Science, Technology, and Research (A*STAR), Singapore, Singapore.; Complexity Institute, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; School of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of Bristol, Bristol BS, UK.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Departments of Biological Sciences, Biomedical Engineering, and Machine Learning, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Freiburg Institute for Advanced Studies and Faculty of Biology, Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Institute of Functional Genomics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Institute of Functional Genomics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Institute of Functional Genomics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Department of Pathology, Hematopathology Section and Lymph Node Registry, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Campus Kiel/Christian-Albrecht University, Kiel, Germany.; Department of Pathology, Hematopathology Section and Lymph Node Registry, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Campus Kiel/Christian-Albrecht University, Kiel, Germany.; Department of Pathology, Hematopathology Section and Lymph Node Registry, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Campus Kiel/Christian-Albrecht University, Kiel, Germany.; Department of Pathology, Hematopathology Section and Lymph Node Registry, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Campus Kiel/Christian-Albrecht University, Kiel, Germany.; Institute of Functional Genomics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.; Statistical Bioinformatics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
School of Life Sciences.; Centre for Soybean Research, State Key Laboratory of Agrobiotechnology.; School of Life Sciences.; Centre for Soybean Research, State Key Laboratory of Agrobiotechnology.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China.; School of Life Sciences.; Centre for Soybean Research, State Key Laboratory of Agrobiotechnology.
Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Institute of Medical Genetics, Cardiff University, Cardiff, UK.; Institute of Medical Genetics, Cardiff University, Cardiff, UK.; Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Beyster Center for Psychiatric Genomics, Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics and Medical Education, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Informatics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA.
Statistics Department, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Computer Science Department, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Statistics Department, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Computer Science Department, University of California Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine, University of California Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.

Institute of Machine Learning and Systems Biology, Department of College of Electronics and Information Engineering, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.; Institute of Machine Learning and Systems Biology, Department of College of Electronics and Information Engineering, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.; Institute of Machine Learning and Systems Biology, Department of College of Electronics and Information Engineering, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.
Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Chemistry, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC, USA.
CAS-MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China and University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Computational and Modeling Sciences, Platform Technologies and Science China, Shanghai, GSK.; Computational and Modeling Sciences, Platform Technologies and Science China, Shanghai, GSK.; CAS-MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China and University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; CNR IAC "Mauro Picone", Via dei Taurini 19, Roma, Italy.; Personal Genomics S.r.l, Strada Le Grazie 15, Verona, Italy.; Computational and Modeling Sciences, Platform Technologies and Science China, Shanghai, GSK.
Baskin School of Engineering, UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA, USA.; Baskin School of Engineering, UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA, USA.; Baskin School of Engineering, UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA, USA.
RNA Group/Groupe ARN, Département de Biochimie, Faculté de Médecine des Sciences de la Santé, Pavillon de Recherche Appliquée au Cancer, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.; RNA Group/Groupe ARN, Département de Biochimie, Faculté de Médecine des Sciences de la Santé, Pavillon de Recherche Appliquée au Cancer, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.; RNA Group/Groupe ARN, Département de Biochimie, Faculté de Médecine des Sciences de la Santé, Pavillon de Recherche Appliquée au Cancer, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.
Bioinformatics and Genomics, Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology.; Bioinformatics and Genomics, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Genomics, Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology.; Bioinformatics and Genomics, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Genomics, Gene Function and Evolution, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology.; Bioinformatics and Genomics, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Genomics, Institucio Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), 08010 Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Institute of Evolution, University of Haifa, Haifa, Israel.; Department of Evolutionary and Environmental Biology, University of Haifa, Haifa, Israel.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Convergence Medicine, University of Ulsan College of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of Korea.; Asan Institute for Life Sciences, Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Republic of Korea.; Department of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.; GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.; GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.; GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.; GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.; GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.; GN7 of the Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB), Biocomputing Unit, National Center of Biotechnology (CSIC), Instruct Image Processing Center, Madrid 28049, Spain.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; VMWare, Inc., Palo Alto, CA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.
MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, State Key Lab of Intelligent Technology and Systems, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, State Key Lab of Intelligent Technology and Systems, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, State Key Lab of Intelligent Technology and Systems, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, University of Southern California, CA, USA.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
Science for Life Laboratory and Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Solna, Sweden.; Science for Life Laboratory and Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Solna, Sweden.; Science for Life Laboratory and Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Solna, Sweden.; Science for Life Laboratory and Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Solna, Sweden.
School of Computer Science and Technology, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing, China.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, School of Medicine, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, School of Medicine, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, School of Medicine, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, School of Medicine, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, School of Medicine, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing, China.
National Microbiology Laboratory, Public Health Agency of Canada, Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z4, Canada.; National Microbiology Laboratory, Public Health Agency of Canada, Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z4, Canada.; National Microbiology Laboratory, Public Health Agency of Canada, Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z4, Canada.
Inria, Centre de Recherche Grenoble - Rhône-Alpes, Montbonnot, France.; LISBP, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, INRA, INSA, Toulouse, France.; LISBP, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, INRA, INSA, Toulouse, France.; Inria, Centre de Recherche Grenoble - Rhône-Alpes, Montbonnot, France.; Inria, Centre de Recherche Grenoble - Rhône-Alpes, Montbonnot, France.
Key Laboratory of Gene Engineering of the Ministry of Education and State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.; Key Laboratory of Gene Engineering of the Ministry of Education and State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.; Key Laboratory of Gene Engineering of the Ministry of Education and State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.; Key Laboratory of Gene Engineering of the Ministry of Education and State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.; Key Laboratory of Gene Engineering of the Ministry of Education and State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.; Key Laboratory of Gene Engineering of the Ministry of Education and State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.; Cell-Based Assay Screening Core.; Dan L. Duncan Cancer Center.; Verna and Marrs Mclean Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Key Laboratory of Reproductive Medicine of Guangdong Province, Guangzhou, China.; School of Data and Computer Science.; Guangdong Province Key Laboratory of Big Data Analysis and Processing, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China.
Department of Computer Engineering, Bogaziçi University, Istanbul, Turkey.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, Canada.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bogaziçi University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, Canada.; Department of Urologic Sciences, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.
Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Epidemiology, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Public Health Solutions, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Public Health Solutions, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Biobanking and BioMolecular Resources Research Infrastructure (BBMRI-ERIC), Graz, Austria.; Department of Epidemiology, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, Genomics Coordination Center, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Epidemiology, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.
Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.; Institut für Medizinische Mikrobiologie, Immunologie und Hygiene, Fakultät für Medizin, Technische Universität München, München, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
SYSBIO Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Statistics and Quantitative Methods, University Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.

King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMCE) Division, Thuwal, 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMCE) Division, Thuwal, 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMCE) Division, Thuwal, 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
Bioinformatics Unit (MF1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin, Germany.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin, Germany.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; School of Medicine, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and Center for Eukaryotic Gene Regulation, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology and Center for Eukaryotic Gene Regulation, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.
Bioinformatics Department, Bayer AG, Berlin, Germany.; Institute of Bioinformatics, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Linz, Austria.; Institute of Bioinformatics, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Linz, Austria.; Institute of Bioinformatics, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Linz, Austria.
CEA, BIG, Biologie à Grande Echelle, F-38054 Grenoble, France.; Université Grenoble-Alpes, F-38000 Grenoble, France.; INSERM, U1038, F-38054 Grenoble, France.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Industrial Biotechnology, VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, Turku, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; School of Health Sciences, University of Tampere, Tampere, Finland.; Plateforme ARN Interférence (PArI), DSV/ISVFJ/SBIGEM/UMR 9198 I2BC, CEA Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette, France.; Institute of Molecular and Cellular Radiobiology, CEA, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; INSERM, U967, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Université Paris Diderot, U967, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Université Paris Sud, U967, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Institute of Molecular and Cellular Radiobiology, CEA, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; INSERM, U967, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Université Paris Diderot, U967, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Université Paris Sud, U967, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; CEA, BIG, Biologie à Grande Echelle, F-38054 Grenoble, France.; Université Grenoble-Alpes, F-38000 Grenoble, France.; INSERM, U1038, F-38054 Grenoble, France.
College of Computing, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; College of Computing, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.
Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Informatics, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences.; Centre for Cancer Biomedicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Biomedicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Biomedicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Biomedicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Informatics, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences.; Centre for Cancer Biomedicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Informatics, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences.; Centre for Cancer Biomedicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.
Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.; R&D and Special Projects Department, Yapı Kredi Technology, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.
ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA.
Phyloinformatics Unit, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.; Phyloinformatics Unit, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.; Phyloinformatics Unit, RIKEN Center for Life Science Technologies, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.
Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.
Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Center of Integrative Genomics, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Center of Integrative Genomics, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Center of Integrative Genomics, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, University College London, London, UK.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, London, UK.
Division of Signaling and Functional Genomics, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and Heidelberg University, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Division of Signaling and Functional Genomics, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and Heidelberg University, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Division of Signaling and Functional Genomics, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and Heidelberg University, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.
Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK) Gatersleben, Corrensstr. 3, 06466 Seeland, Germany.; KWS Saat SE, Grimsehlstr. 31, 37555 Einbeck, Germany.; Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK) Gatersleben, Corrensstr. 3, 06466 Seeland, Germany.; Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK) Gatersleben, Corrensstr. 3, 06466 Seeland, Germany.; Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK) Gatersleben, Corrensstr. 3, 06466 Seeland, Germany.; German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, Germany.
AMIB project, Inria Saclay, Palaiseau, France.; LIX CNRS UMR 7161, Ecole Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France.; CNRS, CRIStAL (UMR 9189, University of Lille), Villeneuve d'Ascq, France.; Bonsai project, Inria Lille-Nord Europe, Villeneuve d'Ascq, France.; AMIB project, Inria Saclay, Palaiseau, France.; LIX CNRS UMR 7161, Ecole Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, ECK Institute for Global Health, and Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications (iCeNSA), University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, ECK Institute for Global Health, and Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications (iCeNSA), University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN, USA.; Department of Physics and Astronomy, Austin Peay State University, Clarksville, Tennessee, TN, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, ECK Institute for Global Health, and Interdisciplinary Center for Network Science and Applications (iCeNSA), University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN, USA.
Department of Statistics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA.; Department of Statistics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA.
Institute of Enzymology, Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; Institute of Enzymology, RCNS, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, 'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; Institute of Enzymology, Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.; Institute of Enzymology, Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest H-1117, Hungary.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institutet, SE-171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institutet, SE-171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institutet, SE-171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institutet, SE-171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Chemical and Systems Biology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institutet, SE-171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics, Karolinska Institutet, SE-171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.
Department of Genetics, Smurfit Institute of Genetics, Trinity College Dublin, University of Dublin, Dublin 2, Ireland.; Department of Genetics, Smurfit Institute of Genetics, Trinity College Dublin, University of Dublin, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Environmental Medicine and Public Health, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.
Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT), 9 Institutskiy per, Dolgoprudny, Moscow Region, Russian Federation.; Federal Research and Clinical Centre of Physical-Chemical Medicine (FRCC PCM), Malaya Pirogovskaya 1a, Moscow, Russian Federation.; Federal Research and Clinical Centre of Physical-Chemical Medicine (FRCC PCM), Malaya Pirogovskaya 1a, Moscow, Russian Federation.; Data Laboratory, Kostycheva 64-12, Bryansk, Russian Federation.; Data Laboratory, Kostycheva 64-12, Bryansk, Russian Federation.; Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT), 9 Institutskiy per, Dolgoprudny, Moscow Region, Russian Federation.; Federal Research and Clinical Centre of Physical-Chemical Medicine (FRCC PCM), Malaya Pirogovskaya 1a, Moscow, Russian Federation.; Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT), 9 Institutskiy per, Dolgoprudny, Moscow Region, Russian Federation.; Federal Research and Clinical Centre of Physical-Chemical Medicine (FRCC PCM), Malaya Pirogovskaya 1a, Moscow, Russian Federation.
Department of Computer and Information Science, School of Engineering, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science, School of Engineering, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Genetics, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science, School of Engineering, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Genetics, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Machine Learning Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Computer Science Department, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Computer Science Department, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Enterprise Platform and Integration Concepts, Hasso-Plattner-Institute, Potsdam, Germany.; Computer Science Department, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Computer Science Department, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC, 28223-0001, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC, 28223-0001, USA.
Interdepartmental Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Section of Infectious Diseases, Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Interdepartmental Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Departments of Pathology and Immunobiology, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.
Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv, Israel.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel-Aviv, Israel.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06030, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06030, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory, Bar Harbor, ME 04609, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06030, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06030, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genome Sciences, University of Connecticut Health, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing, Sankt Augustin 53754, Germany.; Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Bonn 53113, Germany.
State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, Guangdong Key Laboratory of Pharmaceutical Functional Genes, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510275, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, Guangdong Key Laboratory of Pharmaceutical Functional Genes, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510275, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Biocontrol, Guangdong Key Laboratory of Pharmaceutical Functional Genes, School of Life Sciences, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510275, People's Republic of China.
State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering and Collaborative Innovation Center for Genetics and Development.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200436, China.; The Molecular Genetic Diagnosis Center, Shanghai Key Lab of Birth Defect, Translational Medicine Research Center of Children Development and Diseases, Pediatrics Research Institute.; Children's Hospital of Fudan University, Shanghai 201102, China.; Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200032, China.; Children's Hospital of Fudan University, Shanghai 201102, China.; Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200032, China.; State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering and Collaborative Innovation Center for Genetics and Development.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200436, China.; Children's Hospital of Fudan University, Shanghai 201102, China.
Department of Computer Sciences.; Department of Computer Sciences.; Department of Computer Sciences.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53706, USA.
Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA, USA.; MOE Key Lab of Bioinformatics and Bioinformatics Division, TNLIST/Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Institute of Integrative Genome Biology, University of California, Riverside, CA, USA.; School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Information Technology for Translational Medicine (ITTM) S.A, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.
Department of Computer Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI), Indianapolis, IN, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA.; Department of Biological Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA.
Otto-von-Guericke-University Magdeburg, Process Systems Engineering, Magdeburg, Germany.; Otto-von-Guericke-University Magdeburg, Process Systems Engineering, Magdeburg, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Dynamics of Complex Technical Systems, Process Systems Engineering, Magdeburg, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Dynamics of Complex Technical Systems, Process Systems Engineering, Magdeburg, Germany.
Computational Genomics, Principe Felipe Research Centre, Valencia 46012.; Computational Genomics, Principe Felipe Research Centre, Valencia 46012.; Computational Genomics, Principe Felipe Research Centre, Valencia 46012.; Computational Genomics, Principe Felipe Research Centre, Valencia 46012.; Computational Genomics, Principe Felipe Research Centre, Valencia 46012.; Estadística e investigación Operativa, Universitat de València, Burjassot 46100.; Estadística e investigación Operativa, Universitat de València, Burjassot 46100.; Computational Genomics, Principe Felipe Research Centre, Valencia 46012.; Clinical Bioinformatics Area, Fundación Progreso y Salud, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 46100.; Functional Genomics Node (INB), Fundación Progreso y Salud, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 46100.; Bioinformatics in Rare Diseases (BiER), Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Enfermedades Raras (CIBERER), Fundación Progreso y Salud, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 46100, Spain.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Scientific IT Services, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; NEXUS Personalized Health Technologies, Zurich, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; NEXUS Personalized Health Technologies, Zurich, Switzerland.; Department of Biomedicine, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Institute of Pathology.; Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, University Hospital Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Institute of Pathology, University Hospital Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biomedicine, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Dermatology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Institute for Molecular Health Sciences, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Department of Dermatology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Division of Hematology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Institute of Pathology and Molecular Pathology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Division of Molecular Neuroscience, Department of Psychology.; Transfaculty Research Platform Molecular and Cognitive Neurosciences.; Psychiatric University Clinics University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department Biozentrum, Life Sciences Training Facility, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; NEXUS Personalized Health Technologies, Zurich, Switzerland.; Institute of Pathology and Molecular Pathology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Scientific IT Services, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Scientific IT Services, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Department of Computer Science.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Biological Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.; Department of Computer Science.; Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, IN 46285, USA.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Biological Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Statistics, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47907, USA.
Centre for Genomics and Oncological Research (GENYO), Area of Genomic Medicine, Genetics of Complex Diseases, Pfizer-University of Granada-Andalusian Regional Government, Health Sciences Technology Park, Granada 18016, Spain.; Centre for Genomics and Oncological Research (GENYO), Area of Genomic Medicine, Genetics of Complex Diseases, Pfizer-University of Granada-Andalusian Regional Government, Health Sciences Technology Park, Granada 18016, Spain.; IMM, Unit for Chronic Inflammatory Diseases, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm 17177, Sweden.
Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Core Facility, EPFL, Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne CH-1015, Switzerland.
Department of Convergence Medicine, University of Ulsan College of Medicine & Asan Institute for Life Sciences, Asan Medical Center, Songpa-gu, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Convergence Medicine, University of Ulsan College of Medicine & Asan Institute for Life Sciences, Asan Medical Center, Songpa-gu, Seoul, Korea.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.; Department of Mathematics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Departments of Computer Science, Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine, University of California Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Department of Human Genetics, Department of Biomedical Informatics, and USTAR Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, Department of Biomedical Informatics, and USTAR Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.
Department of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.
Department of Microbiology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Microbiology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Microbiology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Microbiology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.; Center for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.; Center for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Center for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Center for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.; Center for Non-coding RNA in Technology and Health, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, Denmark.; Center for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), Cluster of Excellence, University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Computational Medicine Center, Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.; Computational Medicine Center, Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.; Computational Medicine Center, Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.; Computational Medicine Center, Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.
Department of Statistics, University of California Riverside, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Departments of Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Computer Science, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Molecular and Computational Biology Program, Departments of Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Computer Science, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Genome Sciences, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195, USA.
EMBL-European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK.
Department of Computer Architecture and Technology, University of Seville, Seville, Spain.; Department of Computer Architecture and Technology, University of Seville, Seville, Spain.; Department of Computer Architecture and Technology, University of Seville, Seville, Spain.; Department of Condensed Matter Physics, University of Seville, Seville, Spain.; Department of Condensed Matter Physics, University of Seville, Seville, Spain.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Missouri-St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63121, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, 00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Aalto University, 02150 Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, 00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Aalto University, 02150 Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, 00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, 00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Aalto University, 02150 Espoo, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, 20014 Turku, Finland.
Institute für Populationsgenetik, Vetmeduni Vienna, 1210 Wien, Austria.

Laboratory of Systems and Synthetic Biology, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen 6708 WE, The Netherlands.; Laboratory of Systems and Synthetic Biology, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen 6708 WE, The Netherlands.; Laboratory of Systems and Synthetic Biology, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen 6708 WE, The Netherlands.; Laboratory of Systems and Synthetic Biology, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen 6708 WE, The Netherlands.; LifeGlimmer GmbH, 12163 Berlin, Germany.; Laboratory of Systems and Synthetic Biology, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen 6708 WE, The Netherlands.; Laboratory of Systems and Synthetic Biology, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen 6708 WE, The Netherlands.
Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Poznan Supercomputing and Networking Center, Poznan 61-139, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan 61-704, Poland.
Laboratory for Proteomics of Supra-Organismal Systems, All-Russia Research Institute for Agricultural Microbiology, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.; Department of Genetics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.; Laboratory for Proteomics of Supra-Organismal Systems, All-Russia Research Institute for Agricultural Microbiology, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.; Department of Genetics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.; Laboratory for Proteomics of Supra-Organismal Systems, All-Russia Research Institute for Agricultural Microbiology, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.; Department of Genetics, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation.
National Magnetic Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.; National Magnetic Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.
Section on Pathophysiology and Molecular Pharmacology.; Section on Islet Cell and Regenerative Biology, Joslin Diabetes Center, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics.; Department of Microbiology and Immunobiology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Section on Pathophysiology and Molecular Pharmacology.; Section on Islet Cell and Regenerative Biology, Joslin Diabetes Center, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics.; Department of Microbiology and Immunobiology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Section on Pathophysiology and Molecular Pharmacology.; Section on Islet Cell and Regenerative Biology, Joslin Diabetes Center, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Department of Microbiology and Immunobiology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics.; Section on Pathophysiology and Molecular Pharmacology.; Section on Islet Cell and Regenerative Biology, Joslin Diabetes Center, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Department of Microbiology and Immunobiology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Sainsbury Laboratory Cambridge, University of Cambridge, Cambridge CB2 1LR, UK.; Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, 06120 Halle (Saale), Germany.; Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, 06120 Halle (Saale), Germany.; Université de Lausanne, Département d'Ecologie et d'Evolution, Quartier Sorge, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute of Agricultural and Nutritional Sciences, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, 06120 Halle (Saale), Germany.; Institute of Computer Science, Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, 06120 Halle (Saale), Germany.; German Center for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.
Gianforte School of Computing, Montana State University, Bozeman, MT 59717, USA.; National Center for Genome Resources, Santa Fe, NM 87505, USA.; National Center for Genome Resources, Santa Fe, NM 87505, USA.
Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Missouri-St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63121, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Missouri-St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63121, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Missouri-St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63121, USA.; Informatics Institute, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology - CeBiTec, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology - CeBiTec, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology - CeBiTec, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.; Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld 33615, Germany.
.; .; .
Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology.; Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology.; Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology.
Wolfson Imaging Centre and.; MRC Human Immunology Unit, Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine, University of Oxford, Headley Way, Oxford, OX3 9DS, UK.; MRC Human Immunology Unit, Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine, University of Oxford, Headley Way, Oxford, OX3 9DS, UK.; Wolfson Imaging Centre and MRC Human Immunology Unit, Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine, University of Oxford, Headley Way, Oxford, OX3 9DS, UK.
Statistical Bioinformatics Department, Institute of Functional Genomics, University of Regensburg, 93053 Regensburg and.; Department of Haematology and Oncology, University Medical Centre of the Georg-August University of Göttingen, 37073 Göttingen.; Department of Haematology and Oncology, University Medical Centre of the Georg-August University of Göttingen, 37073 Göttingen.; Statistical Bioinformatics Department, Institute of Functional Genomics, University of Regensburg, 93053 Regensburg and.
Ribocon GmbH, Fahrenheitstraße. 1, 28359 Bremen, Germany.; Marine Microbiology Group, Mediterranean Institute for Advanced Studies, C/ Miquel Marqués, 21, 07190, Esporles, Spain.; Max Planck Institute for Marine Microbiology, Microbial Genomics and Bioinformatics Research Group, Celsiusstraße 1, 28359 Bremen, Germany and Jacobs University gGmbH Bremen, Department of Life Sciences and Chemistry, Campus Ring 1, 28759 Bremen, Germany.; Ribocon GmbH, Fahrenheitstraße. 1, 28359 Bremen, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO, USA.; Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO, USA.; BioFrontiers Institute, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO, USA.
Department of Engineering Science, Institute of Biomedical Engineering, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7DQ, UK.; Department of Engineering Science, Institute of Biomedical Engineering, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7DQ, UK.; Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK.; Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK.; Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK.; NIHR Oxford Biomedical Research Centre, Oxford, UK.; Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK.; Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK.; National Infection Service, Public Health England, Colindale, London, UK.; Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7BN, UK.; NIHR Oxford Biomedical Research Centre, Oxford, UK.; National Infection Service, Public Health England, Colindale, London, UK.; Public Health England, Colindale, London, UK.; Department of Engineering Science, Institute of Biomedical Engineering, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7DQ, UK.; Department of Engineering Science, Institute of Biomedical Engineering, University of Oxford, Oxford, OX3 7DQ, UK.
Biocomputing Group, Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology - Interdepartmental Centre 'L. Galvani' for Integrated Studies of Bioinformatics, Biophysics and Biocomplexity, University of Bologna, 40126 Bologna, Italy.; Biocomputing Group, Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology - Interdepartmental Centre 'L. Galvani' for Integrated Studies of Bioinformatics, Biophysics and Biocomplexity, University of Bologna, 40126 Bologna, Italy.; Department of Comparative Biomedicine and Food Science (BCA), University of Padova, Padova, Italy.; Biocomputing Group, Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology - Interdepartmental Centre 'L. Galvani' for Integrated Studies of Bioinformatics, Biophysics and Biocomplexity, University of Bologna, 40126 Bologna, Italy.
Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Biomedical Engineering Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Biomedical Engineering Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Division of Structural Biology, Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.; Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Epigenomics and Cancer Risk Factors, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Epigenomics and Cancer Risk Factors, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; Epigenomics and Cancer Risk Factors, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.; German Centre for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK), Partner Site Heidelberg/Mannheim, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.
Department of Biomedical Engineering.; Key Laboratory of Convergence Medical Engineering System and Healthcare Technology of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, School of Life Science, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing 100081, China.; Department of Biomedical Engineering.; Department of Biomedical Engineering.
Cancer Genome Project, Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SA, UK.
Systems Biology and Biomedical Informatics (SBBI) Laboratory, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, 68588, USA.; Systems Biology and Biomedical Informatics (SBBI) Laboratory, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, 68588, USA.; Systems Biology and Biomedical Informatics (SBBI) Laboratory, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, 68588, USA.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.
Insitute for Glycomics and School of Information and Communication Technology, Griffith University, Parklands Drive, Southport, QLD 4222, Australia.; School of Mathematical Sciences and LPMC, Nankai University, Tianjin, China.; Shandong Provincial Key Laboratory of Biophysics, Institute of Biophysics, Dezhou University, Dezhou 253023, China.; Signal Processing Laboratory, Griffith University, Brisbane, 4122, Australia.; Signal Processing Laboratory, Griffith University, Brisbane, 4122, Australia.; Signal Processing Laboratory, Griffith University, Brisbane, 4122, Australia.; Insitute for Glycomics and School of Information and Communication Technology, Griffith University, Parklands Drive, Southport, QLD 4222, Australia.; Shandong Provincial Key Laboratory of Biophysics, Institute of Biophysics, Dezhou University, Dezhou 253023, China.
Institute of Technology and Research, Universidade Tiradentes, Aracaju, Brazil.; Nucleus of Studies in Colloidal Systems, Universidade Tiradentes, Aracaju, Brazil.; Institute of Technology and Research, Universidade Tiradentes, Aracaju, Brazil.
Department of Mathematics, National University of Singapore. matnct@nus.edu.sg
Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK S7N 5A9, Canada.
Institute of Biochemistry, Molecular Cell Biology, University Clinic Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany.; Institute of Medical Systems Biology, Center for Molecular Neurobiology Hamburg, University Clinic Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany.; Institute of Medical Systems Biology, Center for Molecular Neurobiology Hamburg, University Clinic Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany.
Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster 48149, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster 48149, Germany.
National Engineering Laboratory for Animal Breeding, Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Agriculture, College of Animal Science and Technology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.; National Engineering Laboratory for Animal Breeding, Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Agriculture, College of Animal Science and Technology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.; National Engineering Laboratory for Animal Breeding, Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Agriculture, College of Animal Science and Technology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.; Animal Biosciences, International Livestock Institute, Nairobi 00100, Kenya.; National Engineering Laboratory for Animal Breeding, Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Agriculture, College of Animal Science and Technology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.; Department of Botany and Plant Science, University of California, Riverside, CA 20705, USA.; National Engineering Laboratory for Animal Breeding, Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Agriculture, College of Animal Science and Technology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.
Institut Pasteur-Biomics Pole-CITECH, F-75015, Paris, France.; Institut Pasteur-Biomics Pole-CITECH, F-75015, Paris, France.; Institut Pasteur-Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Hub-C3BI, USR 3756 IP CNRS, F-75015, Paris, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, INSERM, TAGC, UMR_S 1090, Marseille 13288, France.; Institut Pasteur-Biomics Pole-CITECH, F-75015, Paris, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, INSERM, TAGC, UMR_S 1090, Marseille 13288, France.; Institut Pasteur-Biomics Pole-CITECH, F-75015, Paris, France.; Institut Pasteur-Biomics Pole-CITECH, F-75015, Paris, France.; Institut Pasteur-Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Hub-C3BI, USR 3756 IP CNRS, F-75015, Paris, France.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Bio21 Institute of Molecular Science and Biotechnology, University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Bio21 Institute of Molecular Science and Biotechnology, University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia.
Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Mines Paris Tech, INSERM U900, Paris 75005, France.; Département de Recherche Translationnelle, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, Laboratoire RTOP (Recherche Translationelle en Oncologie Pédiatrique), SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Paris 75005, France.; University of Paris-Sud, Orsay, France.; Département de Recherche Translationnelle, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, Laboratoire RTOP (Recherche Translationelle en Oncologie Pédiatrique), SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Paris 75005, France.; Division of Oncology, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Center for Childhood Cancer Research Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, NGS platform ICGex, Paris 75005, France.; Département de Recherche Translationnelle, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, Laboratoire RTOP (Recherche Translationelle en Oncologie Pédiatrique), SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Paris 75005, France.; Département de Recherche Translationnelle, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, Laboratoire RTOP (Recherche Translationelle en Oncologie Pédiatrique), SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Paris 75005, France.; Département de Recherche Translationnelle, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, Laboratoire RTOP (Recherche Translationelle en Oncologie Pédiatrique), SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Paris 75005, France.; Unité de Génétique Somatique, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Paris 75005, France.; Centre Léon-Bérard Laboratoire de Recherche Translationnelle, Lyon, France.; Centre National de Recherche en Génomique Humaine (CNRGH), Institut de biologie François Jacob, CEA, Evry 91057, France.; Centre National de Recherche en Génomique Humaine (CNRGH), Institut de biologie François Jacob, CEA, Evry 91057, France.; Centre National de Recherche en Génomique Humaine (CNRGH), Institut de biologie François Jacob, CEA, Evry 91057, France.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Equipe labellisée Ligue Nationale contre le cancer, Paris 75005, France.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Mines Paris Tech, INSERM U900, Paris 75005, France.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Equipe labellisée Ligue Nationale contre le cancer, Paris 75005, France.; Division of Oncology, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Center for Childhood Cancer Research Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Département de Recherche Translationnelle, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, INSERM U830, Laboratoire RTOP (Recherche Translationelle en Oncologie Pédiatrique), SIREDO Oncology Center (Care, Innovation and research for children and AYA with cancer), Paris 75005, France.; Département de Pédiatrie, Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Paris 75005, France.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Mines Paris Tech, INSERM U900, Paris 75005, France.; Institut Cochin, INSERM U1016, CNRS UMR 8104, Université Paris Descartes UMR-S1016, Paris 75014, France.
Florida Museum of Natural History and University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.; Florida Museum of Natural History and University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.; Florida Museum of Natural History and University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.; Illinois Natural History Survey, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.; Florida Museum of Natural History and University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.
Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; College of Animal Science, Tarim University, Alar, China.; College of Animal Science, Tarim University, Alar, China.; College of Animal Science, Tarim University, Alar, China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction of Ministry of Education, College of Animal Sciences & Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, People's Republic of China.
Nguyen Tat Thanh University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; International University - Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Nguyen Tat Thanh University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Nguyen Tat Thanh University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; International University - Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Center for Plant Science Innovation, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, USA.; Department of Agronomy and Horticulture, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, USA.; Center for Plant Science Innovation, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, USA.; Department of Agronomy and Horticulture, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, California State University East Bay, Hayward, CA, USA.
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, Connecticut 06032, USA.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Deep Genomics Inc, Toronto, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics Inc, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics Inc, Toronto, Canada.; Edward S. Rogers Sr. Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics Inc, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics Inc, Toronto, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Edward S. Rogers Sr. Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.
Computational Bioscience Program, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Department of Pharmacology, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Department of Pharmacology, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Computational Bioscience Program, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Department of Pharmacology, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Department of Medical Oncology, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Computational Bioscience Program, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.; Department of Pharmacology, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, CO, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.; Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E2.1, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.4, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.3, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E2.1, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.4, Saarbrücken, Germany.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Genome Biology Unit, Heidelberg, Germany.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Genome Biology Unit, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Genome Biology Unit, Heidelberg, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E2.1, Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.4, Saarbrücken, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences & Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences & Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences & Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Developmental Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Developmental Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department for Computational and Systems Biology, Pittsburgh Center for Evolutionary Biology and Medicine, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Toyota Technological Institute, Chicago, IL, USA.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Process, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Toyota Technological Institute, Chicago, IL, USA.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Process, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Toyota Technological Institute, Chicago, IL, USA.
Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Sema4, a Mount Sinai Venture, Stamford, CT, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of California, Davis, Davis, CA, USA.; Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Sema4, a Mount Sinai Venture, Stamford, CT, USA.; Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.
Center of Medical Genetics, University of Antwerp and Antwerp University Hospital, Antwerp, Belgium.; Biomedical Informatics Research Network Antwerp (biomina), University of Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium.; Center of Medical Genetics, University of Antwerp and Antwerp University Hospital, Antwerp, Belgium.; Center of Medical Genetics, University of Antwerp and Antwerp University Hospital, Antwerp, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, Belgium.; imec, Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, Belgium.; imec, Leuven, Belgium.; Biomedical Informatics Research Network Antwerp (biomina), University of Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium.; ADReM Data Laboratory, University of Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium.; Center of Medical Genetics, University of Antwerp and Antwerp University Hospital, Antwerp, Belgium.; Center of Medical Genetics, University of Antwerp and Antwerp University Hospital, Antwerp, Belgium.; Biomedical Informatics Research Network Antwerp (biomina), University of Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium.
Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Information Technology, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Information Technology, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.
Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA.; Computational Biology & Bioinformatics - i12 Informatics, Technical University of Munich (TUM), Munich, Germany.; Institute for Advanced Study, Technical University of Munich (TUM), Munich, Germany.; Computational Biology & Bioinformatics - i12 Informatics, Technical University of Munich (TUM), Munich, Germany.; Quantitative and Computational Biology Group, Max-Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Göttingen, Germany.; Department of Chemistry, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Computational Biology & Bioinformatics - i12 Informatics, Technical University of Munich (TUM), Munich, Germany.; Institute for Advanced Study, Technical University of Munich (TUM), Munich, Germany.; TUM School of Life Sciences Weihenstephan (WZW), Technical University Munich (TUM), Freising, Germany.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; New York Consortium on Membrane Protein Structure (NYCOMPS), New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA.; Institute for Advanced Study, Technical University of Munich (TUM), Munich, Germany.; Department of Genetics, Human Genetics Institute, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ, USA.
Institute of Biomedical Studies, Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA.
Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Canada.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Canada.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Canada.
Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E2.1, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computational Biology & Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.4, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E2.1, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computational Biology & Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.4, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California, Santa Cruz, CA, USA.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Genetics, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Genetics, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus E2.1, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computational Biology & Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus E1.4, Saarbrücken, Germany.
Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Technische Universität München, Center for Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Garching, Germany.; Bayer AG, Engineering and Technologies, Applied Mathematics, Leverkusen, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Technische Universität München, Center for Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Technische Universität München, Center for Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Garching, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.
Computational Biology and Computer Science Departments, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology and Computer Science Departments, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Molecular Structural Biology, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Computational Biology and Computer Science Departments, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of BioSciences, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.
Department of Computer Science, IBIVU Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, HV Amsterdam, Netherlands.; AIMMS Amsterdam Institute for Molecules, Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, MC Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Department of Computer Science, IBIVU Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, HV Amsterdam, Netherlands.; Amsterdam Data Science, GH Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, Universiteit van Amsterdam, GE Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, Universiteit van Amsterdam, GE Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; AIMMS Amsterdam Institute for Molecules, Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, MC Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; AIMMS Amsterdam Institute for Molecules, Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, MC Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Amsterdam Data Science, GH Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, Universiteit van Amsterdam, GE Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Department of Computer Science, IBIVU Centre for Integrative Bioinformatics Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, HV Amsterdam, Netherlands.; AIMMS Amsterdam Institute for Molecules, Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, MC Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Amsterdam Data Science, GH Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, Geneva, Switzerland.
Department of Pathology, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Department of Pathology, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT, USA.; Interdepartmental Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.
Graduate School of Sciences and Engineering, Koç University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Industrial Engineering, College of Engineering, Koç University, İstanbul, Turkey.; School of Medicine, Koç University, İstanbul, Turkey.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, School of Medicine, Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, OR, USA.
Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Instrumentation, Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou, China.; Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Instrumentation, Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou, China.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.
Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Petuum, Inc., Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, TEES-AgriLife Center for Bioinformatics and Genomic Systems Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX, USA.; Department of Information, Risk, and Operations Management, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, TEES-AgriLife Center for Bioinformatics and Genomic Systems Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX, USA.
Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Edgewise Networks, Burlington, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; IRIF, Université Paris-Diderot - Paris Paris, France.; Département d'informatique de l'ENS (INRIA/ENS/CNRS), PSL Research University, Paris, France.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Computational Media, UC Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.
Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Terry Fox Laboratory, BC Cancer Research Centre, Vancouver, Canada.; Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.; Cytapex Bioinformatics Inc., Vancouver, Canada.; Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Vancouver, Canada.; Department of Immunobiology, King's College London, London, UK.; Department of Immunobiology, King's College London, London, UK.; Department of Immunobiology, King's College London, London, UK.; CITEC Centre of Excellence, Bielefeld, Germany.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Bioinformatics Institute, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.
Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University College London, London, UK.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, London, UK.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Chair for Bioinformatics, Friedrich-Schiller-University, Jena, Germany.; Chair for Bioinformatics, Friedrich-Schiller-University, Jena, Germany.; Chair for Bioinformatics, Friedrich-Schiller-University, Jena, Germany.
Department of Biology and Genetics Institute, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.
Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Yokohama, Japan.
Department of Developmental Biology, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Program in Bioinformatics & Computational Biology, Saint Louis University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Developmental Biology, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Developmental Biology, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Molecular Biosciences, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Neuroscience, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Mathematics & Statistics, Saint Louis University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Developmental Biology, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Program in Bioinformatics & Computational Biology, Saint Louis University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Saint Louis University, Saint Louis, MO, USA.
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Department of Computer Science, Alato University, Espoo, Finland.
Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Department of Life Science Informatics, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Department of Life Science Informatics, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Department of Life Science Informatics, Bonn-Aachen International Center for IT, Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, Bonn, Germany.
Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Institute of Computational Biology, Neuherberg, Germany.; Technische Universität München, Center for Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Garching, Germany.; Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Institute of Computational Biology, Neuherberg, Germany.; Technische Universität München, Center for Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Garching, Germany.; Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Institute of Computational Biology, Neuherberg, Germany.; Technische Universität München, Center for Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Garching, Germany.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX, USA.
School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.; Department of Plant Science, College of Biological Science, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.; Britton Chance Center for Biomedical Photonics, Wuhan National Laboratory for Optoelectronics-Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Wuhan University of Technology, Wuhan, China.
School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan.; Graduate Institute of Biomedical Informatics, College of Medical Science and Technology, Taipei Medical University, Taipei, Taiwan.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UC Riverside, CA, USA.; Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, UC Riverside, CA, USA.; Department of Plant Pathology and Microbiology, UC Riverside, CA, USA.; Department of Plant Pathology and Microbiology, UC Riverside, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UC Riverside, CA, USA.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stonybrook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stonybrook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stonybrook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stonybrook, NY, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ, USA.; Biodesign Center for Environmental Health Engineering, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Informatics, The Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Informatics, The Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Arizona State University, Scottsdale, AZ, USA.; Biodesign Center for Environmental Health Engineering, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Informatics, The Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Department of Human Genetics, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada and Lady Davis Research Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC, Canada.; Department of Human Genetics, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada and Lady Davis Research Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC, Canada.

Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Chemical Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.

Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven and imec, Kapeldreef Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven and imec, Kapeldreef Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven and imec, Kapeldreef Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven and imec, Kapeldreef Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Electrical Engineering (ESAT), STADIUS Center for Dynamical Systems, Signal Processing and Data Analytics, KU Leuven and imec, Kapeldreef Leuven, Belgium.
Department of Computer Science, Bioinformatics Facility of Xavier NIH RCMI Cancer Research Center, Xavier University of Louisiana, New Orleans, LA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Tulane School of Medicine, Tulane Cancer Center, Tulane University, New Orleans, LA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Bioinformatics Facility of Xavier NIH RCMI Cancer Research Center, Xavier University of Louisiana, New Orleans, LA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Integrated Bioimaging, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, Braunschweig, Germany.; Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Integrated Bioimaging, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, Berkeley, CA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, QC, Canada.
Department of Biological Sciences, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), Daejeon, Republic of Korea.; Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.; Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Norris Cotton Cancer Center at Dartmouth, Lebanon, NH, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, Helsinki Institute of Life Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, Helsinki Institute of Life Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; National Institute for Health and Welfare THL, Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland FIMM, Helsinki Institute of Life Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Aalto University, Helsinki, Finland.
Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.
Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences and BioMediTech, University of Tampere, Tampere, Finland.; Faculty of Medicine and Life Sciences and BioMediTech, University of Tampere, Tampere, Finland.; Fimlab Laboratories, Tampere, Finland.
Molecular Pathology Unit and Cancer Center, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Molecular Pathology Unit and Cancer Center, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Division of Hematology/Oncology, Boston Children's Hospital; Department of Pediatric Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Harvard Stem Cell Institute, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Molecular Pathology Unit and Cancer Center, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Chan Zuckerberg Biohub, San Francisco, CA, USA.
Department of Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Institute of Microbiology of the CAS, 14220 Prague 4, Czech Republic.; Institute of Microbiology of the CAS, 14220 Prague 4, Czech Republic.; Institute of Microbiology of the CAS, 14220 Prague 4, Czech Republic.
School of Information Science and Technology, Shijiazhuang Tiedao University, Shijiazhuang, Republic of China.; School of Information Science and Technology, Shijiazhuang Tiedao University, Shijiazhuang, Republic of China.; School of Information Science and Technology, Shijiazhuang Tiedao University, Shijiazhuang, Republic of China.; School of Mathematics and Statistics, Hainan Normal University, Haikou, Republic of China.; School of Information Science and Technology, Shijiazhuang Tiedao University, Shijiazhuang, Republic of China.
Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3LB, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3LB, UK.; Department of Informatics, UCB Pharma, Slough SL1 3WE, UK.; Division of Physical Biology, Shanghai Institute of Applied Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201800, China.; Department of Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford OX1 3LB, UK.
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.; Computer Science Department, Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, IL 60616, USA.; Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Instrumentation, Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou 310018, China.; Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Instrumentation, Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou 310018, China.; Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal 23955-6900, Saudi Arabia.
BioProcess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, Spanish National Research Council, 36208 Vigo, Spain.; BioProcess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, Spanish National Research Council, 36208 Vigo, Spain.; Department of Mathematics, University of A Coruña Campus Elviña s/n, 15071 A Coruña, Spain.; BioProcess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, Spanish National Research Council, 36208 Vigo, Spain.
Department of Computational Biology and Medical Science, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561, Japan.; Foundation for Biomedical Research and Innovation, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.; RIKEN Advanced Institute for Computational Science, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.; RIKEN Advanced Institute for Computational Science, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.; Department of Biomedical Data Intelligence, Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Kyoto 606-8507, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Science, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561, Japan.; Center for Materials Research by Information Integration, NIMS, Ibaraki 305-0047, Japan.; RIKEN Center for Advanced Intelligence Project, Tokyo 103-0027, Japan.
Department of Human Genetics.; Department of Biomedical Informatics.; USTAR Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112, USA.; Department of Human Genetics.; Department of Biomedical Informatics.; USTAR Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT 84112, USA.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, 4058 Basel, Switzerland.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technische Universität München, 85748 Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technische Universität München, 85748 Garching, Germany.
Department of Biophysical Chemistry and Molecular Oncology, Institute of Biophysics, The Czech Academy of Sciences, 612 65 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Informatics, Mendel University in Brno, 613 00 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biophysical Chemistry and Molecular Oncology, Institute of Biophysics, The Czech Academy of Sciences, 612 65 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biology and Ecology/Institute of Environmental Technologies, Faculty of Science, University of Ostrava, 701 03 Ostrava, Czech Republic.; Department of Biophysical Chemistry and Molecular Oncology, Institute of Biophysics, The Czech Academy of Sciences, 612 65 Brno, Czech Republic.
Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Otago, Dunedin 9054, New Zealand.; Graduate School of Public Health and Health Policy, City University of New York, New York, NY 10027, USA.; Centre for Integrative Biology, University of Trento, Trento 38123, Italy.; Department of Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.; Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.; Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.; Department of Computer Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.; Department of Molecular Biotechnology and Health Sciences, University of Torino, 10124 Turin, Italy.

Department of Computer Architecture.; Department of Computer Languages, University of Malaga, 29071 Malaga, Spain.; Department of Computer Architecture.; Department of Computer Architecture.
Institut Pasteur-Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Hub-C3BI, USR 3756 IP CNRS, Paris, France.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK.; Oncology Innovative Medicines and Early Development, AstraZeneca, Cambridge, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK.; RWTH Aachen University, Joint Research Centre for Computational Biomedicine, Aachen, Germany.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge, UK.
Institut für Virologie und Immunbiologie, Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Institut für Virologie und Immunbiologie, Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Institut für Virologie und Immunbiologie, Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.
Department of Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational Biology, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
The Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research (ISREC), Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL).; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; The Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research (ISREC), Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL).; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; The Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research (ISREC), Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL).; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Chiba, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, Japan.; Graduate School of Information Sciences, Tohoku University, Sendai, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Chiba, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, Japan.; Biotechnology Research Institute for Drug Discovery (BRD), AIST, Tokyo, Japan.; AIST-Tokyo Tech Real World Big-Data Computation Open Innovation Laboratory (RWBC-OIL), Tokyo, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, Japan.; Research Institute for Microbial Diseases, Osaka University, Suita, Japan.
Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, The Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, The Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, The Icahn Institute for Genomics and Multiscale Biology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.
.; .
.; .; .; .
.; .; .; .; .; .
.; .; .; .
.; .; .
.; .
.

.; .; .; .
.; .; .; .; .; .; .
.; .; .; .; .
.
.; .
.; .
.; .; .; .
Modeling Neuropathology Laboratory, Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Modeling Neuropathology Laboratory, Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Modeling Neuropathology Laboratory, Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.
.; .; .; .; .; .
.; .
, School of Mathematical Sciences.; , College of Life Sciences.; , College of Life Sciences.
.; .; .; .; .; .; .; .; .
.; .; .
.; .; .; .
.; .
.; .; .; .
.; .
.; .
.; .; .; .; .; .; .
.; .; .; .; .; .; .; .; .; .
.; .
.; .; .; .; .; .; .
.; .; .; .
, 66123.
Department of Pathology, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.
Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, Rowan University, Stratford, NJ, USA.; Department of Biology, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, Camden, NJ, USA.
Acre Federal Institute of Education, Science and Technology, Rio Branco, Brazil.; Computational and Systems Biology Laboratory, Oswaldo Cruz Institute (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Computational and Systems Biology Laboratory, Oswaldo Cruz Institute (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Computational and Systems Biology Laboratory, Oswaldo Cruz Institute (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Computational and Systems Biology Laboratory, Oswaldo Cruz Institute (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Bioinformatics core facility, Max Planck Institute for Biology of Ageing, Cologne, Germany.; Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris, France.; Computational and Systems Biology Laboratory, Oswaldo Cruz Institute (FIOCRUZ), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.; Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.; Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.; Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.; Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.; Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.; Department of Medical Laboratory Science, Faculty of Health Sciences, Hokkaido University, Sapporo, Japan.
Department of Biological Sciences, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB, Canada.
State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; Applied Science, University of British Columbia, Columbia, Canada.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; School of Agriculture, Policy and Development, University of Reading, Berkshire, UK.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Public Health Sciences and Statistics and Center for Statistical Genetics, Pennsylvania State University, Hershey, PA, USA.; Center for Computational Biology, Beijing Forestry University, Beijing, China.
State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; Applied Science, University of British Columbia, Columbia, Canada.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; School of Agriculture, Policy and Development, University of Reading, Berkshire, UK.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Public Health Sciences and Statistics and Center for Statistical Genetics, Pennsylvania State University, Hershey, PA, USA.; Center for Computational Biology, Beijing Forestry University, Beijing, China.
Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, BNRist, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, BNRist, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, BNRist, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, BNRist, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Center for Synthetic and System Biology, BNRist, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
TUCS - Turku Centre for Computer Science, FI-20500 Turku, Finland.; Bioinformatics Unit, Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, Tykistökatu 6, FI-20520 Turku, Finland.; Bioinformatics Unit, Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, Tykistökatu 6, FI-20520 Turku, Finland.; Faculty of Pharmacy, Meijo University, Nagoya, Japan.; Faculty of Pharmacy, Meijo University, Nagoya, Japan.; Bioinformatics Unit, Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, Tykistökatu 6, FI-20520 Turku, Finland.; Van't Hoff Institute of Molecular Sciences, 1090 GS Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; BIO5 Institute, School of Plant Sciences, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Research Group, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Centre for Biological Signalling Studies (BIOSS), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Leipzig, D-04107 Leipzig, Germany.; Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, University of Leipzig, D-04107 Leipzig, Germany.
College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Center for Bioinformatics, School of Life Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, China.; Center for Bioinformatics, School of Life Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, China.; Department of Mathematics, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, China.; College of Life Science, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, Shaanxi, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Department of Nutrition and Food Hygiene, Public Health College, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Department of Nutrition and Food Hygiene, Public Health College, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Department of Nephrology, The Second Affiliated Hospital, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; Training Center for Students Innovation and Entrepreneurship Education, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.
International Research Training Group "Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes" and Biodata Mining Group, Faculty of Technology and Center for Biotechnology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Terry Fox Laboratory, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada.; Terry Fox Laboratory, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, Canada.; Department Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.
Key Laboratory of Yunnan for Biomass Energy and Biotechnology of Environment, Key Laboratory of Ecological Adaptive Evolution and Conservation on Animals-Plants in Southwest Mountain Ecosystem of University in Yunnan Province, School of Life Sciences Yunnan Normal University, Kunming, P. R. China.; Key Laboratory of Yunnan for Biomass Energy and Biotechnology of Environment, Key Laboratory of Ecological Adaptive Evolution and Conservation on Animals-Plants in Southwest Mountain Ecosystem of University in Yunnan Province, School of Life Sciences Yunnan Normal University, Kunming, P. R. China.; Economic and Management, Luoyang Institute of Science and Technology, Luoyang, P. R. China.; Key Laboratory of Yunnan for Biomass Energy and Biotechnology of Environment, Key Laboratory of Ecological Adaptive Evolution and Conservation on Animals-Plants in Southwest Mountain Ecosystem of University in Yunnan Province, School of Life Sciences Yunnan Normal University, Kunming, P. R. China.
Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, COMSATS University Islamabad, Sahiwal Campus, Pakistan.; Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, COMSATS University Islamabad, Sahiwal Campus, Pakistan.; Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, COMSATS University Islamabad, Sahiwal Campus, Pakistan.; Department of Computer Science, North Dakota State University, Fargo, ND, USA.; Department of Zoology, Government College University, Faisalabad, Pakistan.; Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, COMSATS University Islamabad, Sahiwal Campus, Pakistan.; Key Laboratory of Urban Agriculture by Ministry of Agriculture of China, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, China.; Laboratories of Microbiology and Public Health, COMSATS University Islamabad, Islamabad, Pakistan.; Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory, COMSATS University Islamabad, Sahiwal Campus, Pakistan.
Synthetic and Functional Biomolecules Center, Beijing National Laboratory for Molecular Sciences, Key Laboratory of Bioorganic Chemistry and Molecular Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; Synthetic and Functional Biomolecules Center, Beijing National Laboratory for Molecular Sciences, Key Laboratory of Bioorganic Chemistry and Molecular Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China. Electronic address: guifangjia@pku.edu.cn.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Center for Noncoding RNA Medicine, MOE Key Laboratory of Cardiovascular Sciences, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Center for Noncoding RNA Medicine, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Center for Noncoding RNA Medicine, MOE Key Laboratory of Cardiovascular Sciences, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.; Beijing Institute of Heart, Lung and Blood Vessel Diseases, Beijing Anzhen Hospital, Capital Medical University, Beijing 100029, China.; Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Center for Noncoding RNA Medicine, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Center for Noncoding RNA Medicine, MOE Key Laboratory of Cardiovascular Sciences, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China. Electronic address: cuiqinghua@hsc.pku.edu.cn.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, Center for Noncoding RNA Medicine, MOE Key Laboratory of Cardiovascular Sciences, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China. Electronic address: zhouyuanbioinfo@bjmu.edu.cn.
State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Department of Biochemistry, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200438, China; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Cell Homeostasis, College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Department of Biochemistry, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200438, China. Electronic address: majb@fudan.edu.cn.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Cell Homeostasis, College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China. Electronic address: yu.zhou@whu.edu.cn.; Cancer Research UK, Li Ka Shing Centre, University of Cambridge, Cambridge CB2 ORE, United Kingdom. Electronic address: greg.hannon@cruk.cam.ac.uk.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: yuyang@ibp.ac.cn.
State Key Laboratory of Experimental Hematology, Institute of Hematology and Blood Diseases Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Tianjin 300020, China.; Department of Hematology and Oncology, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin 300060, China. Electronic address: zzhao01@tmu.edu.cn.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Human Genetics, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Medicine, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Department of Hematology and Oncology, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin 300060, China.; Department of Oncology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Tianjin Medical University, Tianjin 300211, China.; Department of Hematology and Oncology, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin 300060, China.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Department of Translational Hematology and Oncology Research, Taussig Cancer Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, OH 44195, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Medicine, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Human Genetics, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA.; State Key Laboratory of Experimental Hematology, Institute of Hematology and Blood Diseases Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Tianjin 300020, China.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA. Electronic address: fxy37@med.miami.edu.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL 33136, USA. Electronic address: mxx51@miami.edu.

Bioinformatics Core Research Group, Deakin University, Geelong, Australia.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Bioinformatics Core Research Group, Deakin University, Geelong, Australia.; Centre for Integrative Ecology, School of Life and Environmental Sciences, Deakin University, Geelong, Australia.; Bioinformatics Core Research Group, Deakin University, Geelong, Australia.; Poultry Hub Australia, University of New England, Armidale, Australia.
Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, Institute for Computational Biology, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA.; Division of Medical Genetics, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Division of Epidemiology, Human Genetics and Environmental Sciences, University of Texas Health Science Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Neuroscience, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Neuroscience, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, Institute for Computational Biology, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA.; Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, Institute for Computational Biology, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA.
Laboratoire TIMC-IMAG, UMR 5525, CNRS, Université Grenoble Alpes, Grenoble, France.; Centre de Bioinformatique, Biostatistique et Biologie Intégrative (C3BI), Institut Pasteur, Paris, France.; Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Boston, MA, USA.; Laboratoire TIMC-IMAG, UMR 5525, CNRS, Université Grenoble Alpes, Grenoble, France.
Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA.; Interdisciplinary Program of Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Interdisciplinary Program of Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH, USA.; SCH Biomedical Informatics Research Unit, Soonchunhyang University Hospital, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Pediatrics, Soonchunhyang University Hospital, Soonchunhyang University College of Medicine, Seoul, Korea.; Interdisciplinary Program of Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Public Health Sciences, Graduate School of Public Health, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Institute of Health and Environment, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.
Department of Computer Science, University of Northern Iowa, Cedar Falls, IA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Hunter College, The Graduate Center, The City University of New York, New York, NY, USA.; Ph.D. Program in Computer Science, Biochemistry and Biology, The Graduate Center, The City University of New York, New York, NY, USA.
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Herbert Irving Comprehensive Cancer Center, J.P. Sulzberger Columbia Genome Center, Department of Biomedical Informatics, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.
Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg Universität, Mainz, Germany.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Mainz, Germany.; Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg Universität, Mainz, Germany.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Mainz, Germany.; Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg Universität, Mainz, Germany.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Mainz, Germany.
Bioinformatics and Computational Biosciences Branch, Office of Cyber Infrastructure and Computational Biology, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Rockville, MD, USA.; Medical Science & Computing, LLC, Rockville, MD, USA.; Digital Reasoning, McLean, VA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA.; School of Systems Biology, George Mason University, Manassas, VA, USA.
State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; Verna and Marrs McLean Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Human Phenome Institute, Institutes of Biomedical Sciences, and School of Life Sciences, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Proteomics, Beijing Proteome Research Center, Beijing Institute of Lifeomics, National Center for Protein Sciences (The PHOENIX Center, Beijing), Beijing, China.; Verna and Marrs McLean Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.
Center for Biomics, Department of Cell Biology, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Center for Biomics, Department of Cell Biology, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Center for Biomics, Department of Cell Biology, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Department of Clinical Genetics, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Department of Clinical Genetics, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Department of Clinical Genetics, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Center for Biomics, Department of Cell Biology, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.; Center for Biomics, Department of Cell Biology, Erasmus MC, 3000CA Rotterdam, The Netherlands.
Department of Mechanical, Automotive and Materials Engineering (MAME), University of Windsor, Windsor, ON, Canada.; School of Computer Science, University of Windsor, Windsor, ON, Canada.; School of Computer Science, University of Windsor, Windsor, ON, Canada.; School of Computer Science, University of Windsor, Windsor, ON, Canada.; Department of Mechanical, Automotive and Materials Engineering (MAME), University of Windsor, Windsor, ON, Canada.; School of Computer Science, University of Windsor, Windsor, ON, Canada.
State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Department of Biochemistry, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200438, China; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Cell Homeostasis, College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Department of Biochemistry, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200438, China. Electronic address: majb@fudan.edu.cn.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Cell Homeostasis, College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China. Electronic address: yu.zhou@whu.edu.cn.; Cancer Research UK, Li Ka Shing Centre, University of Cambridge, Cambridge CB2 ORE, United Kingdom. Electronic address: greg.hannon@cruk.cam.ac.uk.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: yuyang@ibp.ac.cn.
Department of Computer Science, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong SAR.; Department of Computer Science, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong SAR.
Department of Pediatrics, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, Canada.; Department of Urologic Sciences, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA.
Department of Biotechnology, Bhupat Jyoti Mehta School of Biosciences, Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India.; Initiative for Biological Systems Engineering (IBSE), Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India.; Robert Bosch Centre for Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (RBC-DSAI), Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India.; Department of Biotechnology, Bhupat Jyoti Mehta School of Biosciences, Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India.; Initiative for Biological Systems Engineering (IBSE), Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India.; Robert Bosch Centre for Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (RBC-DSAI), Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India.
Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, The Oncode Institute, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, The Oncode Institute, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Institute of Pathology, Charité Universitätsmedizin, Berlin, Germany.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt University of Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Institute of Pathology, Charité Universitätsmedizin, Berlin, Germany.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt University of Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, The Oncode Institute, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, The Oncode Institute, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Institute of Pathology, Charité Universitätsmedizin, Berlin, Germany.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt University of Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Berlin Institute of Health, Berlin, Germany.; Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, The Oncode Institute, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and TEES-AgriLife Center for Bioinformatics and Genomic Systems Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and TEES-AgriLife Center for Bioinformatics and Genomic Systems Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, HaploX Biotechnology, Shenzhen, China.; Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, HaploX Biotechnology, Shenzhen, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, HaploX Biotechnology, Shenzhen, China.; Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, China.
Wellcome Trust/Cancer Research UK Gurdon Institute, Henry Wellcome Building of Cancer and Developmental Biology, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, UK.; Wellcome Trust/Cancer Research UK Gurdon Institute, Henry Wellcome Building of Cancer and Developmental Biology, Cambridge, UK.; Wellcome/MRC Stem Cell Institute, University of Cambridge, UK.; Department of Physiology, Development and Neuroscience, University of Cambridge, Cambridge.; MRC Biostatistics Unit, University of Cambridge, Cambridge Institute of Public Health, Cambridge Biomedical Campus, Cambridge, UK.; The Alan Turing Institute, London, UK.; Wellcome Trust/Cancer Research UK Gurdon Institute, Henry Wellcome Building of Cancer and Developmental Biology, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Physiology, Development and Neuroscience, University of Cambridge, Cambridge.; MRC Biostatistics Unit, University of Cambridge, Cambridge Institute of Public Health, Cambridge Biomedical Campus, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Engineering, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; School of Life Sciences, Gibbet Hill Campus, The University of Warwick, Coventry, UK.; Wellcome Trust/Cancer Research UK Gurdon Institute, Henry Wellcome Building of Cancer and Developmental Biology, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Statistics, University of Warwick, Coventry, UK.; Wellcome/MRC Stem Cell Institute, University of Cambridge, UK.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Computer Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.; Department of Chemical Engineering, Bogazici University, Istanbul, Turkey.
Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, Oncode Institute, Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Heymans Institute, University of Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands.; Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, Oncode Institute, Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, Oncode Institute, Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Cancer Genomics Netherlands, Utrecht, The Netherlands.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics, Department of Medicine and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Statistics, College of Pharmaceutical and Biochemical Sciences, National University of Rosario, S2000CGK Rosario, Argentina.; Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics, Department of Medicine and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics, Department of Medicine and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics, MaRS Centre, Toronto, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics, MaRS Centre, Toronto, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Deep Genomics, MaRS Centre, Toronto, Canada.; Banting and Best Department of Medical Research, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.
Otto-Warburg-Laboratory, RNA Bioinformatics, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.; Otto-Warburg-Laboratory, RNA Bioinformatics, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Free University Berlin, Berlin, Germany.
Graduate Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Bioinformatics, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; The Metabolomics Core Laboratory, Center of Genomic Medicine, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; Graduate Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Bioinformatics, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; The Metabolomics Core Laboratory, Center of Genomic Medicine, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.; School of Pharmacy, College of Medicine, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan.
Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Biological and Environmental Sciences and Engineering (BESE) Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Biological and Environmental Sciences and Engineering (BESE) Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux L-4367, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux L-4367, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux L-4367, Luxembourg.; Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University, Onna, Japan.; Developmental Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Heidelberg, Germany.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux L-4367, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux L-4367, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Belvaux L-4367, Luxembourg.; University California San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
Laboratório de Biologia Computacional e Sistemas, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Biologia Computacional e Sistemas, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Biologia Computacional e Sistemas, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Genômica Funcional e Bioinformática, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Biologia Computacional e Sistemas, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Genômica Funcional e Bioinformática, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Laboratório de Biologia Computacional e Sistemas, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fiocruz, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Universidade Nove de Lisboa.; Faculty for Computer Science and Engineering, University Ss. Cyril and Methodius in Skopje.; Microbiology at University of Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Virtual Physiological Human Institute.; Systems Tumor Immunology at the FAU Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany.; Network biology, systems medicine and theoretical immunology.; Complex systems andmathematical biology.; Simulation and Modelling at Brunel University London.; Computer Science at Ulster University, United Kingdom.; Computational Biomedicine, University of Southern Denmark.; Inflammation, cardiovascular diseases and cancer, at molecular, cellular and clinical levels.; Medical University of Vienna.; Section for Science of Complex Systems at the Medical University of Vienna.; University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Medicine.; University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Medicine.; Target discovery and drug development.
Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Large-Scale Text Understanding Systems Lab, TALN Research Group, Department of Information and Communication Technologies (DTIC), Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics (GRIB), Department of Experimental and Health Sciences (DCEXS), Hospital del Mar Medical Research Institute (IMIM), Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.
'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, Research Center of Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary.; 'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, Research Center of Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary.
Department of Computer Science, University of Sheffield, Sheffield, UK.; School of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, University of Bradford, Bradford, UK.; School of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, University of Bradford, Bradford, UK.; Interdisciplinary Computing and Complex BioSystems (ICOS) Research Group, School of Computing Science, Newcastle University, Newcastle, UK.; Department of Computer Science, University of Sheffield, Sheffield, UK.
Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby BC, Canada.; Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.; Department of Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby BC, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Michigan Center for Translational Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Michigan Center for Translational Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Michigan Center for Translational Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Michigan Center for Translational Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA.; Centre for Biological Signalling Studies, University of Freiburg, Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.
Department of Psychiatry, Carver College of Medicine, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Carver College of Medicine, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, USA.
Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), Barcelona, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; CIBER Epidemiología y Salud Pública (CIBERESP), Madrid, Spain.; Computational Health Informatics Program, Boston Children's Hospital, Boston, USA.; Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), Barcelona, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; CIBER Epidemiología y Salud Pública (CIBERESP), Madrid, Spain.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, USA.
Bioinformatics Program, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Biology, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Bioinformatics Program, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, Galveston, TX, USA.; Bioinformatics Program, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Biology, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Division of Experimental Neurosurgery, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Medical Oncology, National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), Heidelberg, Germany.; Division of Experimental Neurosurgery, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; Division of Experimental Neurosurgery, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; Division of Applied Bioinformatics, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Medical Oncology, National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), Heidelberg, Germany.; Division of Experimental Neurosurgery, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.
Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), AIST Tokyo Waterfront Bio-IT Research Building, Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Intelligence Science and Technology, Graduate School of Informatics, Kyoto University, Yoshida Honmachi, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto, Japan.
Cluster of Excellence on Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Saarbrücken Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Cluster of Excellence on Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.
Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Scientific Computing Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.
California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; Applied Bioinformatics Group, Center for Bioinformatics Tübingen (ZBIT), University of Tübingen, Sand 14, Office # C320, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Biocomplexity Institute of Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Va 24061, USA.; European Bioinformatics Institute, Hinxton, Cambridge, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; Babraham Institute, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT, USA.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; University of Rostock, Rostock, Germany.; Newcastle University, Newcastle, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease (NIAID), National Institutes of Health (NIH), Bethesda, MD, USA.; National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease (NIAID), National Institutes of Health (NIH), Bethesda, MD, USA.
Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Konstanz, Konstanz, Germany.; Faculty of IT, Monash University, Clayton, Australia.; The Donnelly Centre, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada.; Department of Neuroscience, Physiology and Pharmacology, University College London, London, UK.; Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies (HITS), Heidelberg, Germany.; California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; European Bioinformatics Institute, EMBL-EBI, Cambridge, UK.; Babraham Institute, Cambridge, UK.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Auckland Bioengineering Institute, University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.; Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Konstanz, Konstanz, Germany.; Faculty of IT, Monash University, Clayton, Australia.; University of Rostock, Rostock, Germany.
Kobe University, Kobe, Japan.; Boston University, Boston, MA, USA.; Newcastle University, Newcastle, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Raytheon BBN Technologies, Cambridge, MA, USA.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Boston University, Boston, MA, USA.; Amyris, Inc., Emeryville, CA, USA.; Thermo Fisher Scientific, San Diego, CA, USA.; University of Bristol, Bristol, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), BESE, Thuwal 23955 - 6900, Saudi Arabia.; Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Babraham Institute, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; Turing Ate My Hamster, Ltd., Newcastle, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Imperial College, London, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Raytheon BBN Technologies, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Newcastle University, Newcastle, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Systems Bioinformatics, AIMMS, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Modelling of Biol. Processes, BioQUANT/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; Modelling of Biol. Processes, BioQUANT/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.

BioQuant/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Hinxton, Cambrigeshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; Hochschule Albstadt-Sigmaringen, Sigmaringen, Germany.; BioQuant/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; University of Hertfordshire, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Prospect Bio, Brisbane, CA, USA.; Boston University, Boston, MA, USA.; Newcastle University, Newcastle, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Raytheon BBN Technologies, Cambridge, MA, USA.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Raytheon BBN Technologies, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Amyris, Inc., Emeryville, CA, USA.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; ThermoFisher Scientific, San Diego, CA, USA.; King Abdullah University for Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Amyris, Inc., Emeryville, CA, USA.; Keele University, Keele, Staffordshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.; DOE Joint Genome Institute, Walnut Creek, CA, USA.; Turing Ate My Hamster LTD, Newcastle, UK.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; Utah State University, Logan, UT, USA.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Newcastle University, Newcastle, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Modelling of Biol. Processes, BioQUANT/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.; Department of Biology, Humboldt University, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Cell Biology, University of Connecticut, Connecticut, USA.; Auckland Bioengineering Institute, Auckland, New Zealand.; Babraham Institute Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, UK.; Modelling of Biol. Processes, BioQUANT/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA.; Systems Bioinformatics, AIMMS, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Modelling of Biol. Processes, BioQUANT/COS, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.; University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; University of Rostock, Rostock, Germany.
Curtin Hub for Immersive Visualization and eResearch (HIVE), Curtin University, Perth, WA, Australia.; School of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences, Curtin Health Innovation Research Centre and Curtin Institute for Computation, Curtin University, Perth, WA, Australia.; Curtin Hub for Immersive Visualization and eResearch (HIVE), Curtin University, Perth, WA, Australia.; School of Molecular and Life Sciences and Curtin Institute for Computation, Curtin University, Perth WA, Australia.; School of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences, Curtin Health Innovation Research Centre and Curtin Institute for Computation, Curtin University, GPO Box U1987, Perth, WA 6845, Australia.
Faculty of Science, Chemistry, Computational Structural Biology group, Bijvoet Center for Biomolecular Research, Padualaan 9, 3584CH Utrecht, Netherlands.; VENISE Group, LIMSI, CNRS, Université Paris Sud, Orsay, France.; Poznań Univ. of Economics and Business, Poznań, Poland.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, CNRS, UPR9080, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, Univ Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, PSL Research University, Paris, France.; VENISE Group, LIMSI, CNRS, Université Paris Sud, Orsay, France.
Laboratoire de Biologie Moléculaire et Cellulaire des Eucaryotes, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, UMR8226, CNRS, Sorbonne Université, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, CNRS, UPR9080, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, Univ Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, PSL Research University, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, CNRS, UPR9080, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, Univ Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, PSL Research University, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, FRC 550, CNRS, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, CNRS, UPR9080, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, Univ Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, PSL Research University, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biologie Moléculaire et Cellulaire des Eucaryotes, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, UMR8226, CNRS, Sorbonne Université, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biologie Moléculaire et Cellulaire des Eucaryotes, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, UMR8226, CNRS, Sorbonne Université, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, CNRS, UPR9080, Institut de Biologie Physico-Chimique, Univ Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, PSL Research University, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.
Plateau de Modélisation Moléculaire Multi-Echelle (P3M), Maison de la Simulation de Champagne-Ardenne (MaSCA), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; UMR URCA/CNRS 7369, Matrice Extracellulaire et Dynamique Cellulaire (MEDyC), Equipe Modélisation et Imagerie Multi-Echelles (MIME), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; Plateau de Modélisation Moléculaire Multi-Echelle (P3M), Maison de la Simulation de Champagne-Ardenne (MaSCA), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; UMR URCA/CNRS 7369, Matrice Extracellulaire et Dynamique Cellulaire (MEDyC), Equipe Modélisation et Imagerie Multi-Echelles (MIME), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; Plateau de Modélisation Moléculaire Multi-Echelle (P3M), Maison de la Simulation de Champagne-Ardenne (MaSCA), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; UMR URCA/CNRS 7369, Matrice Extracellulaire et Dynamique Cellulaire (MEDyC), Equipe Modélisation et Imagerie Multi-Echelles (MIME), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; Plateau de Modélisation Moléculaire Multi-Echelle (P3M), Maison de la Simulation de Champagne-Ardenne (MaSCA), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.; UMR URCA/CNRS 7369, Matrice Extracellulaire et Dynamique Cellulaire (MEDyC), Equipe Modélisation et Imagerie Multi-Echelles (MIME), Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne, 51687 Reims Cedex 2, France.
Computational Life Sciences, Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Konstanz, Konstanz, Germany.; Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University, Melbourne, Australia.; Laboratoire de Biochimie Théorique, CNRS, UPR9080, Univ Paris Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, PSL Research University, IBPC, 13 rue Pierre et Marie Curie, 75005, Paris, France.; Big Data Visual Analytics, University Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; HIVE (Hub for Immersive Visualisation and eResearch), Curtin University, Perth, Australia.
Experimental Biophysics and Applied Nanoscience, Faculty of Physics, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bio-/Medical Informatics Department, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Algae Biotechnology and Bioenergy, Faculty of Biology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Algae Biotechnology and Bioenergy, Faculty of Biology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bio-/Medical Informatics Department, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Biological Algorithms Group, Center for Advancing Electronics Dresden, Technical University Dresden, Dresden, Germany.; Bio-/Medical Informatics Department, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Computational Life Sciences, Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Konstanz, Konstanz, Germany.; Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University, Melbourne, Australia.; Algae Biotechnology and Bioenergy, Faculty of Biology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Computational Life Sciences, Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Konstanz, Konstanz, Germany.; Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University, Melbourne, Australia.
Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Institute for Visualisation and Interactive Systems (VIS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Graduate School Advanced Manufacturing Engineering (GSaME), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Institute for Visualisation and Interactive Systems (VIS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Institute for Visualisation and Interactive Systems (VIS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Visualisation Research Centre (VISUS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.; Institute for Visualisation and Interactive Systems (VIS), University of Stuttgart, 70569 Stuttgart, Germany.
Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.; Center for Individualized Medicine Bioinformatics Program, Mayo Clinic, USA.; Division of Information Management and Analytics, Department of Information Technology, Mayo Clinic, USA.; Division of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.
Semantics in eHealth and Life Sciences (SeLS), Insight Centre for Data Analytics, National University of Ireland, Galway, Ireland.; School of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, University College Cork, Ireland.; Insight Centre for Data Analytics, National University of Ireland Galway, Dangan, Galway, Ireland.; School of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, University College Cork, Ireland.; Semantics in eHealth and Life Sciences (SeLS), Insight Centre for Data Analytics, National University of Ireland, Galway, Ireland.; Insight Centre for Data Analytics, National University of Ireland Galway, Dangan, Galway, Ireland.
University of Victoria - Genome British Columbia Proteomics Centre, Victoria, BC, Canada.; University of Victoria - Genome British Columbia Proteomics Centre, Victoria, BC, Canada.; Center for Proteomics and Metabolomics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, ZA, The Netherlands.; University of Victoria - Genome British Columbia Proteomics Centre, Victoria, BC, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, University of Victoria, Victoria, BC, Canada.; Proteomics Centre, Segal Cancer Centre, Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada.; Gerald Bronfman Department of Oncology, Jewish General Hospital, Montreal, QC, Canada.
Seven Bridges Inc, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Totient Inc, Cambridge, MA, USA.
Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Deliflor Chrysanten B.V, Maasdijk, BS, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Biometris, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Van Zanten Breeding B. V, Rijsenhout, EW, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.; Plant Breeding, Wageningen University & Research, Wageningen, PB, The Netherlands.
Department of Computer Graphics and Design, Human Computer Interaction Laboratory, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; International Centre for Clinical Research, St. Anne's University Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic.; Visualization Group, Department of Informatics, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; International Centre for Clinical Research, St. Anne's University Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Computer Graphics and Design, Human Computer Interaction Laboratory, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; International Centre for Clinical Research, St. Anne's University Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; International Centre for Clinical Research, St. Anne's University Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Gene Expression, Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology Faculty of Biology, Adam Mickiewicz University, Poznan, Poland.; International Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology in Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Department of Computer Graphics and Design, Human Computer Interaction Laboratory, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Computer Graphics and Design, Human Computer Interaction Laboratory, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; International Centre for Clinical Research, St. Anne's University Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Computer Graphics and Design, Human Computer Interaction Laboratory, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; NTIS - New Technologies for the Information Society, Faculty of Applied Sciences, University of West Bohemia, Pilsen, Czech Republic.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Department of Experimental Biology and Research Centre for Toxic Compounds in the Environment, Faculty of Science, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.; International Centre for Clinical Research, St. Anne's University Hospital, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Computer Graphics and Design, Human Computer Interaction Laboratory, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.
Institute of Next Generation Healthcare, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; New York University, New York, NY, USA.; Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Institute of Next Generation Healthcare, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Institute of Next Generation Healthcare, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Boston College, Boston, MA, USA.; Institute of Next Generation Healthcare, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Institute of Next Generation Healthcare, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Clinical Genome Informatics, Icahn Institute of Genetics and Multiscale Biology, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY.; Mount Sinai Center for Bioinformatics, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY.; Institute of Next Generation Healthcare, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Population Health Science and Policy, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY, USA.; Director of Biomedical Informatics, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Mount Sinai Health System, New York, NY.
Evolutionary Bioinformatics Laboratory, Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Evolutionary Bioinformatics Laboratory, Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Biosciences, COMSATS University Islamabad, Islamabad, Pakistan.; Division of Polar Life Sciences, Korea Polar Research Institute, Incheon, Republic of Korea.; Department of Evolutionary Genetics, Max-Planck-Institut für Evolutionsbiologie, Plön, Germany.
Division of Basic Biomedical Sciences, Sanford School of Medicine, University of South Dakota, Vermillion, SD 57069, USA, Samuel.Sathyanesan@usd.edu.; Division of Basic Biomedical Sciences, Sanford School of Medicine, University of South Dakota, Vermillion, SD 57069, USA, Samuel.Sathyanesan@usd.edu.
Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, The University of Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Statistics, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, The University of Texas, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, Smithsonian Institution, Panama City, Republic of Panama.; Biodiversity Research Centre, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.; Biodiversity Research Centre, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.; Biodiversity Research Centre, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.
Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, 5-1-5, Kashiwanoha, Kashiwa-shi, Chiba, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, 5-1-5, Kashiwanoha, Kashiwa-shi, Chiba, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, 5-1-5, Kashiwanoha, Kashiwa-shi, Chiba, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, AIST, 2-3-26 Aomi, Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan.

Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA.; Bioinformatics and Genomics Programme, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Barcelona, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Laboratory of Protein Physics, Institute of Protein Research of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Pushchino, Moscow Region, Russia.; Centre de Formació Interdisciplinària Superior, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, Spain.; School of Biological Sciences, College of Science and Engineering, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK.; Biological Faculty, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow, Russia.; Higher Chemical College of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow, Russia.; Faculty of Technical Physics, Institute of Physics, Nanotechnology and Telecommunications, Peter the Great Saint-Petersburg Polytechnic University, Saint-Petersburg, Russia.; Department of Medicine, Novosibirsk State University, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Biological Faculty, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow, Russia.; Institute of Science and Technology, Klosterneuburg, Austria.; Laboratory of Protein Physics, Institute of Protein Research of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Pushchino, Moscow Region, Russia.; Institute of Science and Technology, Klosterneuburg, Austria.
Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown, South Africa.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown, South Africa.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown, South Africa.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown, South Africa.; Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Sabanci University, Tuzla, Turkey.; Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Sabanci University, Tuzla, Turkey.; Research Unit in Bioinformatics (RUBi), Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rhodes University, Grahamstown, South Africa.
MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; International Co-operation Laboratory on Signal Transduction, Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Institute, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai 200438, China.; International Co-operation Laboratory on Signal Transduction, Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Institute, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai 200438, China.; International Co-operation Laboratory on Signal Transduction, Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Institute, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai 200438, China. Electronic address: chenlei@smmu.edu.cn.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China. Electronic address: jgu@tsinghua.edu.cn.
Department of Blood Transfusion, Tangdu Hospital, Fourth Military Medical University, Xi'an 710032, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics, Hubei Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Molecular-imaging, Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics, Hubei Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Molecular-imaging, Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. Electronic address: weihuachen@hust.edu.cn.; Department of Blood Transfusion, Tangdu Hospital, Fourth Military Medical University, Xi'an 710032, China. Electronic address: musj1963@fmmu.edu.cn.
Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research, School of Life Sciences, Center for Bioinformatics, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research, School of Life Sciences, Center for Bioinformatics, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; National Engineering Research Center for Beijing Biochip Technology, Beijing 102206, China.; School of Life Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.; State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research, School of Life Sciences, Center for Bioinformatics, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), Peking University, Beijing 100871, China. Electronic address: gaog@mail.cbi.pku.edu.cn.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China. Electronic address: chenwu@cicams.ac.cn.; Department of Etiology and Carcinogenesis, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Entomology and Plant Pathology, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC, USA.; Bioinformatics Research Center, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC, USA.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB), Lausanne, Switzerland.
Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute, Simons Foundation, New York, NY, USA.; Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute, Simons Foundation, New York, NY, USA.; Center for Computational Biology, Flatiron Institute, Simons Foundation, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biology, Center for Genomics and Systems Biology, New York University, New York, NY, USA.; Center for Data Science, New York University, New York, NY, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.
Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Unitat de Bioestadística, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Bellaterra, Spain.; Chemical Computing Group, St John's Innovation Centre Cowley Road, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Pharmacy, University Campus, University of Patras, School of Health Sciences, Rion, Patras, Greece.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Unitat de Bioestadística, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Bellaterra, Spain.; Combinatorial Chemistry Unit, Barcelona Science Park, Barcelona, Spain.; Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red-Bioingeniería Biomateriales y Nanomedicina (CIBER-BBN), Spain.; Combinatorial Chemistry Unit, Barcelona Science Park, Barcelona, Spain.; Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red-Bioingeniería Biomateriales y Nanomedicina (CIBER-BBN), Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Unitat de Bioestadística, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Bellaterra, Spain.; Janssen Research and Development, Beerse, Belgium.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Unitat de Bioestadística, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Bellaterra, Spain.
Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Future Technologies, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Centre for Clinical Informatics, Turku University Hospital, Turku, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, Turku, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.
Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, Suita, Japan.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Laboratory of Immune Regulation Graduate School of Medicine, Department of Microbiology and Immunology, WPI Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita, Japan.; Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development-Core Research for Evolutional Science and Technology, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Respiratory Medicine and Clinical Immunology, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, WPI Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Suita, Japan.; Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, Suita, Japan.; Laboratory of Statistical Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center (WPI-IFReC), Osaka University, Suita, Japan.
Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.
Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, Cold Spring Harbor, Ithaca, NY, USA.; Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, Cold Spring Harbor, Ithaca, NY, USA.; Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, Cold Spring Harbor, Ithaca, NY, USA.; Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, Cold Spring Harbor, Ithaca, NY, USA.; USDA ARS NEA Robert W. Holley Center for Agriculture and Health, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, USA.
Department of Pharmacy, Sudan Medical Council, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Medical Laboratory Sciences, University of Khartoum, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Khartoum, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Khartoum, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Medical Laboratory, University of Sciences and Technology, Omdurman, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Medical Laboratory Sciences, University of Khartoum, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Pharmacy, The National Ribat University, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.; Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Omdurman Islamic University, Omdurman, Sudan.; Department of Biotechnology, Africa City of Technology, Khartoum, Sudan.
Division of Pulmonary Medicine, Allergy and Immunology, Department of Pediatrics, Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Graduate School of Public Health, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Division of Pulmonary Medicine, Allergy and Immunology, Department of Pediatrics, Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Graduate School of Public Health, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Wisconsin Institute for Discovery, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA.; Department of Infectious Diseases, Institute of Biomedicine, The Sahlgrenska Academy, University of Gothenburg, Guldhedsgatan 10, SE-41346 Gothenburg, Sweden.; Centre for Antibiotic Resistance Research (CARe) at University of Gothenburg, SE-40530 Gothenburg, Sweden.; Department of Entomology, The Ohio State University-Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center, Wooster, OH, USA.; Fermentation Organisms, Methods Development and Analytics, Agroscope, CH-3003 Bern, Switzerland.; Department of Biological and Environmental Sciences, University of Gothenburg, SE-40530 Gothenburg, Sweden.; Chair of Urban Water Systems Engineering, Technical University of Munich, Garching, Germany.; Canadian Food Inspection Agency, Ottawa Laboratory Fallowfield, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Department of Microbiology, Tumor and Cell Biology, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Geography, Institute of Ecology and Earth Sciences, University of Tartu, Tartu, Estonia.; Department of Mechanics and Maritime Sciences, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Canadian Food Inspection Agency, Ottawa Laboratory Fallowfield, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Department of Entomology, The Ohio State University-Ohio Agricultural Research and Development Center, Wooster, OH, USA.; Forest Soils and Biogeochemistry, Swiss Federal Research Institute WSL, Birmensdorf, Switzerland.; Sustainable Agroecosystems, Department of Environmental Systems Science, Institute of Agricultural Sciences, ETH Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.; Department of Biological and Environmental Sciences, University of Gothenburg, SE-40530 Gothenburg, Sweden.; Gothenburg Global Biodiversity Centre, SE-405 30 Göteborg, Sweden.
Key Laboratory of Synthetic Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Plant Sciences, Institute of Plant Physiology and Ecology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Synthetic Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Plant Sciences, Institute of Plant Physiology and Ecology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China.; Ultravision Technology, Beijing, China.; BioNano Genomics, San Diego, CA, USA.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Virology and Immunology, Institute Pasteur of Shanghai, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Synthetic Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Plant Sciences, Institute of Plant Physiology and Ecology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Molecular and Cellular Biology Program, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Molecular and Cellular Biology Program, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, WA, USA.; Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Department of Developmental Genetics and Molecular Physiology, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Cuernavaca, Morelos, México.; Department of Molecular Microbiology, Instituto de Biotecnología, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Cuernavaca, Morelos, México.; Department of Molecular Microbiology, Instituto de Biotecnología, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Cuernavaca, Morelos, México.; Department of Molecular Microbiology, Instituto de Biotecnología, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Cuernavaca, Morelos, México.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University School of Science, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland.; Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, Turku, Finland.; Department of Genetics, UMCG, University of Groningen, AB Groningen, the Netherlands.; Department of Genetics, UMCG, University of Groningen, AB Groningen, the Netherlands.; Department of Immunology, K.G. Jebsen Coeliac Disease Research Centre, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, Turku, Finland.; Department of Genetics, UMCG, University of Groningen, AB Groningen, the Netherlands.; Department of Internal Medicine, Radboud University Medical Center, GA Nijmegen, the Netherlands.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University School of Science, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland.; Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, Turku, Finland.
Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Department of Software Engineering, Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University Malostranské nám, 118 00 Prague, Czech Republic.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, Belvaux, Luxembourg.
Department of Mathematics, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Biology, Boston College, Chestnut Hill, MA 02467, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, NC 29425, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, NC 29425, USA.; Department of Genetics, Development and Cell Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Genetics, Development and Cell Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Ken and Ruth Davee Department of Neurology, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, USA.; Ken and Ruth Davee Department of Neurology, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL 60611, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, NC 29425, USA.; Department of Computer Science, College of Charleston, Charleston, SC 29424, USA.
Department of Computer Engineering and Computer Science, J.B. Speed School of Engineering, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.
Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.
Research Center for Bioinformatics and Biosciences, National Research Institute of Fisheries Science, Japan Fisheries Research and Education Agency, Yokohama, Japan.

R&D Seven Bridges Genomics, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Totient, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Seven Bridges Genomics, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Totient, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Seven Bridges Genomics, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Totient, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Seven Bridges Genomics, Cambridge, MA, USA.; R&D Totient, Cambridge, MA, USA.

Department for Evolutionary Genetics, Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig, Germany.
Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.; Department of Medicine Solna, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.; Laboratory Hematology, RadboudUMC, Nijmegen GA, The Netherlands.; Department of Hematology, Oncology, and Rheumatology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Hematology, Oncology, and Rheumatology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.; Department of Medicine Huddinge, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.; Laboratory Hematology, RadboudUMC, Nijmegen GA, The Netherlands.; Department of Hematology, Oncology, and Rheumatology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.; Departments of Hematology Oncology & Molecular Medicine, Fondazione IRCCS Policlinico San Matteo & University of Pavia, Pavia, Italy.; Department of Medicine Huddinge, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.; Laboratory Hematology, RadboudUMC, Nijmegen GA, The Netherlands.; Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.

Computational Biomedicine Group, Turku Centre for Biotechnology Finland.; Computational Biomedicine research group at the Turku Centre for Biotechnology Finland.; Biomathematics, Research Director in Bioinformatics and Group Leader in Computational Biomedicine at Turku Centre for Biotechnology, University of Turku, Finland.
Université Côte d'Azur, Inserm, C3M, 151 route de St-Antoine-de-Ginestière, B.P. 2 3194, 06204 Nice, France.; Université Côte d'Azur, Inserm, C3M, 151 route de St-Antoine-de-Ginestière, B.P. 2 3194, 06204 Nice, France.; Université Côte d'Azur, Inserm, C3M, 151 route de St-Antoine-de-Ginestière, B.P. 2 3194, 06204 Nice, France.; Université Côte d'Azur, Inserm, C3M, 151 route de St-Antoine-de-Ginestière, B.P. 2 3194, 06204 Nice, France.; Université Côte d'Azur, Inserm, C3M, 151 route de St-Antoine-de-Ginestière, B.P. 2 3194, 06204 Nice, France.
Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Life Sciences, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Qingdao University, Qingdao, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Fujian University Key Laboratory for Plant-Microbe Interaction and College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fuzhou, China.; Institute of Oceanography, Minjiang University, Fuzhou, China.
Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Neuroscience Program, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.

Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, Poland.
Department of Biological Sciences, Graduate School of Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Biological Sciences, Graduate School of Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, The University of Tokyo, Chiba, Japan.; Atmosphere and Ocean Research Institute, The University of Tokyo, Chiba, Japan.
Laboratory of Computational Systems Biotechnology, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Laboratory of Computational Systems Biotechnology, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Laboratory of Computational Systems Biotechnology, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.; CentraleSupélec, Université Paris Saclay, Gif-Sur-Yvette, France.; Laboratory of Computational Systems Biotechnology, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Laboratory of Computational Systems Biotechnology, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.
Kinghorn Centre for Clinical Genomics, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Centre for Clinical Genetics, Sydney Children's Hospital, Randwick, NSW, Australia.; Prince of Wales Clinical School, University of New South Wales, UNSW Sydney, NSW, Australia.; Neuroscience Research Australia, University of New South Wales, UNSW Sydney, NSW, Australia.; Kinghorn Centre for Clinical Genomics, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, University of New South Wales, UNSW Sydney, NSW, Australia.; Genome.One, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Kinghorn Centre for Clinical Genomics, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, University of New South Wales, UNSW Sydney, NSW, Australia.; Children's Cancer Institute, UNSW Sydney, NSW, Australia.
Graduate School of Systems and Information Engineering, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Graduate School of Life and Environmental Sciences, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Graduate School of Systems and Information Engineering, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Center for Computational Sciences, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Graduate School of Life and Environmental Sciences, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Center for Computational Sciences, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Graduate School of Systems and Information Engineering, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.; Center for Computational Sciences, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Japan.
Department of Biosciences, Molecular Cell Biology of Plants, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Department of Biosciences, Molecular Cell Biology of Plants, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Frankfurt Institute of Advanced Studies, Department of Life Sciences, Frankfurt, Germany.; Center for Integrative Bioinformatics Vienna (CIBIV), Max F. Perutz Laboratories, Vienna, Austria.; Department of Biosciences, Molecular Cell Biology of Plants, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Department of Biosciences, Molecular Cell Biology of Plants, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Frankfurt Institute of Advanced Studies, Department of Life Sciences, Frankfurt, Germany.; Department of Biosciences, Inst. of Cell Biology and Neuroscience, Applied Bioinformatics Group, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; Senckenberg Biodiversity and Climate Research Centre (BiK-F), Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; LOEWE Centre for Translational Biodiversity Genomics (LOEWE-TBG), Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Department of Biochemistry, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Covenant University Public Health & Wellness Research Cluster, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Biochemistry, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Bioinformatics Research Unit, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Biochemistry, Crawford University, Igbesa, Nigeria.; Covenant University Public Health & Wellness Research Cluster, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Bioinformatics Research Unit, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.
Department of Computer Science, University of Augsburg, Augsburg, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Augsburg, Augsburg, Germany.; Institute for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Munich, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; Institute for Medical Informatics, Biometry and Epidemiology, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Munich, Germany.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Heidelberg, Germany.; German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.
Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty for Biology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Department of Microsystems Engineering (IMTEK), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty for Biology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; BioCopy GmbH, Freiburg, Germany.; BIOSS Center for Biological Signaling Studies, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty for Biology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; BioCopy GmbH, Freiburg, Germany.; BIOSS Center for Biological Signaling Studies, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, A*STAR, Singapore, Singapore.; Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Centre for BioImaging Sciences and Department of Biological Sciences, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Otolaryngology, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore and.; Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, A*STAR, Singapore, Singapore.; Saw Swee Hock School of Public Health, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Medicine, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.
Toxalim, Université de Toulouse, INRA, Université de Toulouse 3 Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France.; Medday Pharmaceuticals, Paris, France.; Medday Pharmaceuticals, Paris, France.; Toxalim, Université de Toulouse, INRA, Université de Toulouse 3 Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France.; Toxalim, Université de Toulouse, INRA, Université de Toulouse 3 Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France.; Unité de Réanimation Neurologique, Département de Neurologie, Pôle des Maladies du Système Nerveux Central, Groupement Hospitalier Pitié-Salpêtrière Charles Foix, Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris, Paris, France.; Brain Liver Pitié-Salpêtrière (BLIPS) Study Group, Groupement Hospitalier Pitié-Salpêtrière-Charles Foix, Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris & INSERM UMR_S 938, CDR Saint-Antoine Maladies Métaboliques, Biliaires et Fibro-inflammatoire du Foie & Institut de Cardiométabolisme et Nutrition, ICAN, Paris, France.; Service de Pharmacologie et Immunoanalyse (SPI), CEA, INRA, Université Paris-Saclay, MetaboHUB, Gif-sur-Yvette, France and.; Medday Pharmaceuticals, Paris, France.; Brain Liver Pitié-Salpêtrière (BLIPS) Study Group, Groupement Hospitalier Pitié-Salpêtrière-Charles Foix, Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris & INSERM UMR_S 938, CDR Saint-Antoine Maladies Métaboliques, Biliaires et Fibro-inflammatoire du Foie & Institut de Cardiométabolisme et Nutrition, ICAN, Paris, France.; Unité de Soins Intensifs d'Hépato-gastroentérologie, Groupement Hospitalier Pitié-Salpêtrière-Charles Foix, Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris et Université Pierre et Marie Curie Paris 6, Paris, France.; Service de Pharmacologie et Immunoanalyse (SPI), CEA, INRA, Université Paris-Saclay, MetaboHUB, Gif-sur-Yvette, France and.; Toxalim, Université de Toulouse, INRA, Université de Toulouse 3 Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France.
Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Microbiology and Genetics.; Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Microbiology and Genetics.; Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Microbiology and Genetics.; Center for Computational Sciences, University of Goettingen, Goettingen, Germany.
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; National Center for Microscopy and Imaging Research, Center for Research in Biological Systems, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA and.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; National Laboratory of Biomacromolecules, Institute of Biophysics Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Department of Molecular Medicine, Aarhus University, Palle Juul-Jensens Boulevard 99, DK-8200 Aarhus N, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, C.F. Mollers Alle 8, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark.; Department of Molecular Medicine, Aarhus University, Palle Juul-Jensens Boulevard 99, DK-8200 Aarhus N, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, C.F. Mollers Alle 8, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, C.F. Mollers Alle 8, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark.; Department of Molecular Medicine, Aarhus University, Palle Juul-Jensens Boulevard 99, DK-8200 Aarhus N, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, C.F. Mollers Alle 8, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Molecular Medicine, Aarhus University, Palle Juul-Jensens Boulevard 99, DK-8200 Aarhus N, Denmark.; Bioinformatics Research Centre, Aarhus University, C.F. Mollers Alle 8, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and AI Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Group, Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China and.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and AI Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL, USA.
National Centre for Biological Sciences (TIFR), GKVK Campus, Bangalore, India.; Division of Bioinformatics, School of Bioengineering and Biosciences, Lovely Professional University, Phagwara, India.; National Centre for Biological Sciences (TIFR), GKVK Campus, Bangalore, India.
Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB), Lausanne, Switzerland.
Bielefeld University, Faculty of Technology, Bioinformatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Faculty of Biology and CeBiTec, Genetics of Prokaryotes, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Faculty of Technology, Bioinformatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Linköping University, Department of Computer and Information Science, Linköping, Sweden.; Bielefeld University, Faculty of Biology and CeBiTec, Genome Research, Bielefeld, Germany.; University of Cambridge, Department of PlantSciences, Evolution and Diversity, Cambridge, UK.; Bielefeld University, Faculty of Biology and CeBiTec, Algae Biotechnology and Bioenergy, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Faculty of Biology and CeBiTec, Proteome and Metabolome Research, Bielefeld, Germany.
CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), CSIR-NCL Campus, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), CSIR-NCL Campus, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), CSIR-NCL Campus, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), CSIR-NCL Campus, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), CSIR-NCL Campus, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; CSIR- National Chemical Laboratory, Chemical Engineering and Process Development Division, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), CSIR-NCL Campus, Pune, Maharashtra 411008, India.
Leibniz Institute of Plant Genetics and Crop Plant Research (IPK), Department of Molecular Genetics, Corrensstrasse 3, 06466 Seeland OT Gatersleben, Germany.
"St. Kliment Ohridski" University - Bitola, Faculty of Information and Communication Technologies, ul. Partizanska bb, 7000 Bitola, Republic of Macedonia.; Department of Bioinformatics, College of Life Sciences, Zhejiang University Zijingang Campus, Hangzhou, P.R. China.
Rothamsted Research, Computational and Analytical Sciences Department, Harpenden, AL5 2JQ, UK.; Rothamsted Research, Computational and Analytical Sciences Department, Harpenden, AL5 2JQ, UK.; Rothamsted Research, Computational and Analytical Sciences Department, Harpenden, AL5 2JQ, UK.; Rothamsted Research, Computational and Analytical Sciences Department, Harpenden, AL5 2JQ, UK.
ICMR-AIIMS Computational Genomics Centre, Indian Council of Medical Research, Ansari Nagar, New Delhi-110029, India.; Department of Biophysics, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Ansari Nagar, New Delhi-110029, India.; ICMR-AIIMS Computational Genomics Centre, Indian Council of Medical Research, Ansari Nagar, New Delhi-110029, India.; Division of Informatics Systems and Research Management, Indian Council of Medical Research, Ansari Nagar, New Delhi-110029, India, Phone: +91-11-26589556, Fax: +91-11-26588662.; Division of Informatics Systems and Research Management, Indian Council of Medical Research, Ansari Nagar, New Delhi-110029, India.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE), Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University (MBSTU), Santosh, Tangail 1902, Bangladesh.; Department of Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University (MBSTU), Tangail, Bangladesh.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE), Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University (MBSTU), Tangail, Bangladesh.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE), Mawlana Bhashani Science and Technology University (MBSTU), Tangail, Bangladesh.
Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Computer Science, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Biotechnology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Computer Science, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UET, Lahore, Pakistan.
Artificial Intelligence Lab, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Brussels, Belgium.; Department Life Sciences, Erasmus University College, Erasmus University Rotterdam, Rotterdam, The Netherlands.
Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Shanghai Key Laboratory of Veterinary Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Shanghai Key Laboratory of Veterinary Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Shanghai Key Laboratory of Veterinary Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Animal Science, School of Agriculture and Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Shanghai Key Laboratory of Veterinary Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, P.R. China.
Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, International Research Group "Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes", Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, Kiev, Ukraine.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.
Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Science, Kiev, Ukraine.; Bielefeld University, International Research Training Group "Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes", Bielefeld, Germany.; Tomsk National Research Medical Center, Russian Academy of Sciences, Tomsk, Russia.; Bielefeld University, Technical Faculty, AG Bioinformatics and Medical Informatics, Bielefeld, Germany.; Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.
Başkent University, Faculty of Engineering, Computer Engineering Department, Ankara, Turkey.; Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science "A. Ruberti", National Research Council, Rome, Italy.; Institute of Systems Analysis and Computer Science "A. Ruberti", National Research Council, Rome, Italy.; Başkent University, Faculty of Engineering, Computer Engineering Department, Ankara, Turkey.
Department of Biotechnology, University of Verona, Strada Le Grazie 15, 37134 Verona, Italy.; Department Computer Science, University of Verona, Strada Le Grazie 15, 37134 Verona, Italy.; Institute of Technological Investigations, University of Coruña (UDC), Campus Esteiro, Ferrol 15402, Spain.; Leicester Biotechnology Group, Department of Chemistry, University of Leicester, LE1 7RH, Leicester, UK.; Department of Biotechnology, University of Verona, Strada Le Grazie 15, 37134 Verona, Italy.; Institute of Technological Investigations, University of Coruña (UDC), Campus Esteiro, Ferrol 15402, Spain.; Leicester Biotechnology Group, Department of Chemistry, University of Leicester, LE1 7RH, Leicester, UK.; Department Computer Science, University of Verona, Strada Le Grazie 15, 37134 Verona, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology, University of Verona, Strada Le Grazie 15, 37134 Verona, Italy.
Bielefeld University, Faculty of Technology, Bioinformatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Russian Academy of Sciences Sibirian Branch, Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Novosibirsk, Russia.
Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Siberian State Medical University, Tomsk, Russia.; Siberian State Medical University, Tomsk, Russia.; Siberian State Medical University, Tomsk, Russia.; Seversk Biophysical Research Centre of the Federal Medico-Biological Agency, Seversk, Russia.; Seversk Clinical Hospital, Siberian Federal Research and Clinical Centre of the Federal Medico-Biological Agency, Seversk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; The Federal Research Center Institute of Cytology and Genetics, The Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; International Research Training Group "Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes" and Genome Informatics, Faculty of Technology and Center for Biotechnology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; The Federal Research Center Institute of Cytology and Genetics, The Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Science, Kiev, Ukraine.; Bielefeld University, Bioinformatics/Medical Informatics Department, Bielefeld, Germany.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.
Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.; National Academy of Medical Sciences, State Institution "Institute of Pediatrics, Obstetrics and Gynecology", Kyiv, Ukraine.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Institute of Cytology and Genetics, Siberian Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Novosibirsk, Russia.; Research Institute of Medical Genetics, Tomsk NRMC, Tomsk, Russia.; Bielefeld University, International Research Training Group "Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes", Bielefeld, Germany.; Bielefeld University, Technical Faculty, AG Bioinformatics and Medical Informatics, Bielefeld, Germany.; Department of General and Molecular Pathophysiology, Bogomoletz Institute of Physiology, National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, 4 Bogomoletz str, Kyiv 01024, Ukraine.
University Clinic for Internal Medicine III, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Division of Microbial Ecology, Department of Microbial Ecology, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Division of Computational System Biology, Department of Microbiology and Ecosystem Science, University of Vienna, 1090 Vienna, Austria.; Division of Microbial Ecology, Department of Microbial Ecology, University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Institute of Environmental Medicine UNIKAT, Technical University and Helmholtz Center Munich, Augsburg, Germany.; Division of Computational System Biology, Department of Microbiology and Ecosystem Science, University of Vienna, 1090 Vienna, Austria.; Institute of Environmental Medicine UNIKAT, Technical University and Helmholtz Center Munich, Augsburg, Germany.; Institute of Network Biology (INET), Helmholtz Center Munich, Ingolstädter Landstraße 1, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.

Institute of Statistical Science, Academia Sinica.; Institute of Statistical Science, Academia Sinica.
Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, Department of Biology, IMHS, Zurich, Switzerland.; Life Science Zurich Graduate School, Molecular Life Science program, University of Zürich, Switzerland.; Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, Department of Biology, IMHS, Zurich, Switzerland.; Life Science Zurich Graduate School, Molecular Life Science program, University of Zürich, Switzerland.; Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, Department of Biology, IMHS, Zurich, Switzerland.; Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, Department of Biology, IMHS, Zurich, Switzerland.
School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology.; School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology.; Department of Statistics, Seoul National University.; School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology.
Department of Statistical Science at Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX.; Department of Statistical Science at Southern Methodist University, Dallas, TX.; Department of Clinical Sciences, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX.


Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg, Germany.; German Center for Diabetes Research (DZD), Neuherberg, Germany.; Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum, Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Physiology and Biophysics, Weill Cornell Medical College-Qatar Education City, Doha, Qatar.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg, Germany.; German Center for Diabetes Research (DZD), Neuherberg, Germany.; Department of Physiology and Biophysics, Institute for Computational Biomedicine, Englander Institute for Precision Medicine, Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, NY, USA.
UC Berkeley - UCSF Graduate Program in Bioengineering, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Quantitative Biosciences Institute, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.
Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Food Nutrition and Human Health, College of Agronomy and Biotechnology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China.; Department of Orthodontics & Central Laboratory, Peking University School and Hospital of Stomatology, Beijing 100081, China.; Department of Orthodontics & Central Laboratory, Peking University School and Hospital of Stomatology, Beijing 100081, China.; Department of Orthodontics & Central Laboratory, Peking University School and Hospital of Stomatology, Beijing 100081, China.; Department of Orthodontics & Central Laboratory, Peking University School and Hospital of Stomatology, Beijing 100081, China.; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Food Nutrition and Human Health, College of Agronomy and Biotechnology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China.; Department of Orthodontics & Central Laboratory, Peking University School and Hospital of Stomatology, Beijing 100081, China. Electronic address: chenfeng2011@hsc.pku.edu.cn.; State Key Laboratory of Plateau Ecology and Agriculture, Medical College of Qinghai University, Xining 810016, China. Electronic address: weixiaoxing@tsinghua.org.cn.
Dipartimento di Elettronica, Informazione e Bioingegneria, Politecnico di Milano, 20133 Milan, Italy. Electronic address: stefano.perna@polimi.it.; Dipartimento di Elettronica, Informazione e Bioingegneria, Politecnico di Milano, 20133 Milan, Italy.; Dipartimento di Elettronica, Informazione e Bioingegneria, Politecnico di Milano, 20133 Milan, Italy.; School of Computing, National University of Singapore, Singapore 117417, Singapore.
T-Life Research Center, Department of Physics, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China. Electronic address: ghzuo@fudan.edu.cn.; State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; T-Life Research Center, Department of Physics, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.
Department of Computer Architecture, University of Málaga and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), Málaga, Spain.; Department of Computer Architecture, University of Málaga and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), Málaga, Spain.; Department of Computer Architecture, University of Málaga and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), Málaga, Spain.; Department of Computer Architecture, University of Málaga and Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), Málaga, Spain.
Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083, USA.; CustomGene, LLC, Tioga, TX 76271, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX 75083, USA.
KTH - Royal Institute of Technology, Science for Life Laboratory, School of Biotechnology, Solna 171?65, Sweden.; KTH - Royal Institute of Technology, Science for Life Laboratory, School of Biotechnology, Solna 171?65, Sweden.; KTH - Royal Institute of Technology, Science for Life Laboratory, School of Biotechnology, Solna 171?65, Sweden.; KTH - Royal Institute of Technology, Science for Life Laboratory, School of Biotechnology, Solna 171?65, Sweden.
Facultad de Ciencias y Tecnología (FaCyT), Universidad de Carabobo (UC), Valencia, Venezuela.; Facultad de Ingeniería, Universidad de Antioquia (UdeA), Medellín, Colombia.; Facultad de Ciencias y Tecnología (FaCyT), Universidad de Carabobo (UC), Valencia, Venezuela.; Facultad de Ciencias y Tecnología (FaCyT), Universidad de Carabobo (UC), Valencia, Venezuela.; Facultad de Ciencias y Tecnología (FaCyT), Universidad de Carabobo (UC), Valencia, Venezuela.
Bioprocessing Technology Institute Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore.; Bioprocessing Technology Institute Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore.; Bioprocessing Technology Institute Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore.; Bioprocessing Technology Institute Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore.; Bioprocessing Technology Institute Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore.; New England Biolabs, 240 County Road, Ipswich, MA, USA.; New England Biolabs, 240 County Road, Ipswich, MA, USA.; Bioprocessing Technology Institute Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), Singapore.
Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.
Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; South Western Sydney Clinical School, Faculty of Medicine, University of New South Wales, Liverpool, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; CSIRO Health and Biosecurity, North Ryde, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, Faculty of Medicine, UNSW, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; CSIRO Health and Biosecurity, North Ryde, NSW, Australia.; Department of Biological Sciences, Macquarie University, North Ryde, NSW, Australia.; NSW Ministry of Health, LMB 961, North Sydney, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; Ramaciotti Centre for Genomics, University of New South Wales, Randwick, NSW, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, VIC, Australia.; Department of Mathematics & Statistics, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC, Australia.; Epigenetics Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Division, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, Faculty of Medicine, UNSW, Darlinghurst, NSW, Australia.
Biological and Chemical Research Centre, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Biological and Chemical Research Centre, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; College of Inter-Faculty Individual Studies in Mathematics and Natural Sciences, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Biological and Chemical Research Centre, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Faculty of Physics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Biological and Chemical Research Centre, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Biological and Chemical Research Centre, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Biological and Chemical Research Centre, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.
Department of Biology, University of Padova, Padova, Italy.; Aquaculture Biotechnology Research Group, School of Science, Faculty of Health and Environmental Sciences, Auckland University of Technology, Auckland, New Zealand.; Key Laboratory of Maricultural Organism Disease Control, Ministry of Agriculture, Yellow Sea Fisheries Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences, Qingdao, China.; Aquaculture Biotechnology Research Group, School of Science, Faculty of Health and Environmental Sciences, Auckland University of Technology, Auckland, New Zealand.; Department of Biology, University of Padova, Padova, Italy.
Genomics Division, National Institute of Agricultural Science, Jeonju, Korea.; Department of Molecular Biology, Chonbuk National University, Jeonju, Korea.; Department of Agriculture, Chungnam National University, Daejeon, Korea.; Department of Molecular Biology, Chonbuk National University, Jeonju, Korea.; Genomics Division, National Institute of Agricultural Science, Jeonju, Korea.; Department of Molecular Biology, Chonbuk National University, Jeonju, Korea.; Genomics Division, National Institute of Agricultural Science, Jeonju, Korea.
Vital-IT, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Bioinformatics Group, Bioinformatics ERA Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology & Genetics, 6 International Airport Avenue, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Group, Bioinformatics ERA Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology & Genetics, 6 International Airport Avenue, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Group, Bioinformatics ERA Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology & Genetics, 6 International Airport Avenue, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Group, Bioinformatics ERA Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology & Genetics, 6 International Airport Avenue, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus.
Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, Vigo, Spain.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Center for Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München - German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, Germany.; Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Center for Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.; Bioprocess Engineering Group, IIM-CSIC, Vigo, Spain.
Center of Bioinformatics, Biostatistics and Integrative Biology, Institut Pasteur - Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Hub - C3BI, USR 3756 IP CNRS, Paris, France.; Center for Technological Resources and Research, Institut Pasteur - Transcriptome and Epigenome Platform - Biomics Pole - C2RT, Paris, France.; Center for Technological Resources and Research, Institut Pasteur - Transcriptome and Epigenome Platform - Biomics Pole - C2RT, Paris, France.
Zhong-shan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-Sen University.; School of Information Science and Engineering, Lanzhou University.
Center for Computational Science, College of Basic and Applied Sciences, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfreesboro, TN, USA.; Department of Biology, Cumberland University, Lebanon, TN, USA.; Center for Computational Science, College of Basic and Applied Sciences, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfreesboro, TN, USA.; Department of Computer Science, College of Basic and Applied Sciences, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfreesboro, TN, USA.
MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; Laboratory for Marine Biology and Biotechnology, Qingdao National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; Laboratory for Marine Biology and Biotechnology, Qingdao National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; Laboratory for Marine Biology and Biotechnology, Qingdao National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; Laboratory for Marine Fisheries Science and Food Production Processes, Qingdao National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology, Qingdao, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Marine Genetics and Breeding, College of Marine Life Sciences, Ocean University of China, Qingdao, China.; Laboratory for Marine Biology and Biotechnology, Qingdao National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology, Qingdao, China.
Department of Molecular Sciences, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala SE-750 07, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Food and Nutrition Science, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg SE-412 96, Sweden.; Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam XH, The Netherlands.; Metabolomics Center, North-West University, X6001, Potchefstroom, South Africa.; Swedish National Food Agency, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Molecular Sciences, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala SE-750 07, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Food and Nutrition Science, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg SE-412 96, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Food and Nutrition Science, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg SE-412 96, Sweden.
Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, Braunschweig, Germany and.; Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, Braunschweig, Germany and.; Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Integrated Bioimaging, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, Berkeley, CA, USA.
Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Heart and Lung Research, Bioinformatics Core Unit (BCU), 61231 Bad Nauheim, Germany.
Faculty of Biology, Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Johannes Gutenberg University, Mainz, Germany.; Faculty of Biology, Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Johannes Gutenberg University, Mainz, Germany.
Institute for Informatics and Telematics, CNR, Pisa, Italy.; Department of Computer Science, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Institute for Informatics and Telematics, CNR, Pisa, Italy.; Laboratory of Integrative Systems Medicine (LISM), Institute of Informatics and Telematics and Institute of Clinical Physiology, Pisa, Italy.; Institute for Informatics and Telematics, CNR, Pisa, Italy.
Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine.
Department of Informatics, J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Informatics, J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Informatics, J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Informatics, J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Informatics, J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Informatics, J. Craig Venter Institute, Rockville, MD, USA.
Department of Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, D-14195 Berlin, Germany.; Zalando Research, Mühlenstr. 25, D-10243 Berlin, Germany.; Department of Computational Molecular Biology, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, D-14195 Berlin, Germany.
State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Sciences and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Sciences and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.; Department of Thoracic Surgery, Jiangsu Province People's Hospital and the First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Sciences and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.
Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Universitätsstraße, Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Universitätsstraße, Bielefeld, Germany.
University of Salamanca and CSIC, Spain.; Mexico.
Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University, China.; Fujian Medical University and Harbin Medical University.
Departments of Biomedical Informatics, Systems Biology, and Medicine, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.
Department of Mathematics, Comsats University Islamabad, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Mathematics, Comsats University Islamabad, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Mathematics, Comsats University Islamabad, Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Systems Engineering, Macau University of Science and Technology, Taipa, Macau.; School of Electro-Mechanical Engineering, Xidian University, Xi'an, China.; Physiotherapy, IMU Vocational School, Istanbul Medipol University, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.; Interdisciplinary Research Centre, COMSATS University Islamabad, Wah Cantonment, Pakistan.
Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Indore, Indore, India.; Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Indore, Indore, India.; ICAR-Indian Institute of Soybean Research, Indore, India.; Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Indore, Indore, India.; Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Indore, Indore, India.; Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Indore, Indore, India.
Clinical Flow Cytometry, Translational Medicine, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pennington, NJ, USA.; Clinical Flow Cytometry, Translational Medicine, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pennington, NJ, USA.; Clinical Flow Cytometry, Translational Medicine, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pennington, NJ, USA.; Clinical Flow Cytometry, Translational Medicine, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pennington, NJ, USA.; Clinical Flow Cytometry, Translational Medicine, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pennington, NJ, USA.
Bakar Computational Health Sciences Institute, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Bakar Computational Health Sciences Institute, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Bakar Computational Health Sciences Institute, University of California, San Francisco, CA, USA.
Department of Intelligent Systems, Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Department of Bioinformatics, Keygene N.V., Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Intelligent Systems, Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Department of Bioinformatics, Keygene N.V., Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Intelligent Systems, Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.
Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Faculty of Computing and Information Technology, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Drilling Technology Team, EXPEC-ARC, Saudi Aramco, Dhahran, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Institute of Plant and Environment Protection, Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Environment Friendly Management on Fruit Diseases and Pests in North China, Beijing, China.; Institute of Plant and Environment Protection, Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Environment Friendly Management on Fruit Diseases and Pests in North China, Beijing, China.; Institute of Plant and Environment Protection, Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences, Beijing, China.; Institute of Plant and Environment Protection, Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences, Beijing, China.; Institute of Plant and Environment Protection, Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Environment Friendly Management on Fruit Diseases and Pests in North China, Beijing, China.; Institute of Plant and Environment Protection, Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Environment Friendly Management on Fruit Diseases and Pests in North China, Beijing, China.
Department of Statistics, Kyungpook National University, Daegu, Republic of Korea.; Department of Applied Statistics, Yonsei University, Seoul, Republic of Korea.
Integrated Bioscience Program, The University of Akron, Akron, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Akron, Akron, OH, USA.; Integrated Bioscience Program, The University of Akron, Akron, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Akron, Akron, OH, USA.
National Centre for Biological Sciences, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bangalore, India.; National Centre for Biological Sciences, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bangalore, India.
State Key Laboratory of Microbial Metabolism, School of Life Sciences & Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Microbial Metabolism, School of Life Sciences & Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Microbial Metabolism, School of Life Sciences & Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Microbial Metabolism, School of Life Sciences & Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.; State Key Laboratory of Microbial Metabolism, School of Life Sciences & Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.
Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.; Department of Plant Pathology and MOA Key Laboratory of Pest Monitoring and Green Management, College of Plant Protection, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China.
Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Education, College of Animal Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Guangdong Key Laboratory of Animal Conservation and Resource Utilization, Guangdong Public Laboratory of Wild Animal Conservation and Utilization, Guangdong Institute of Applied Biological Resources, Guangzhou, China.; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Education, College of Animal Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Education, College of Animal Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Faculty of veterinary sciences, Bahauddin Zakariya University Multan, Multan, Pakistan.; Faculty of veterinary sciences, Bahauddin Zakariya University Multan, Multan, Pakistan.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Education, College of Animal Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; Animal Production Department, Faculty of Agriculture, Benha University, Moshtohor, Egypt.; Department of Animal Breeding and Genetics, Faculty of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Lasbela University of Agriculture, Water and Marine Sciences, Uthal, Pakistan.; Key Laboratory of Animal Genetics, Breeding and Reproduction, Ministry of Education, College of Animal Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.
Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics PAS, Pawinskiego 5a, Warsaw, Poland.; Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics, and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Banacha 2, Warsaw, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics PAS, Pawinskiego 5a, Warsaw, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics PAS, Pawinskiego 5a, Warsaw, Poland.; Department of Systems Biology, University of Warsaw, Miecznikowa 1, Warsaw, Poland.
Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.; Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.; Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.; Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.; Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.; Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.; Life Science Research and Foundation, QIAGEN Sciences Inc., Frederick, MD, USA.
Facultad de Matemáticas, Universidad Veracruzana, Xalapa, México.; Facultad de Matemáticas, Universidad Veracruzana, Xalapa, México.
School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center of Minstry of Education of the People's Republic of China.; The Xinjiang Technical Institute of Physics & Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ürümqi, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center of Minstry of Education of the People's Republic of China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center of Minstry of Education of the People's Republic of China.
Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Department of Clinical Pharmacology, Centre for Translational Bioinformatics, William Harvey Research, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry, Queen Mary University of London, Charterhouse Square, London EC1M6BQ, UK.; CDISC, Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium and CDISC EU Foundation, Saint-Louis, Alsace, France.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; CDISC, Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium and CDISC EU Foundation, Saint-Louis, Alsace, France.; CDISC, Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium and CDISC EU Foundation, Saint-Louis, Alsace, France.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; Information Technology for Translational Medicine (ITTM) S.A, Esch/Belval, Luxembourg.; Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS), Lyon, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.; Department of Research and Bioinformatics, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.; BioSci Consulting, Maasmechelen, Belgium.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, L-4371 Belvaux, Luxembourg.
Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; K. G. Jebsen Coeliac Disease Research Centre, Oslo, Norway.; CeMM Research Center for Molecular Medicine of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, Austria.; Department of Laboratory Medicine, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.; Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Elixir Norway, Oslo Node, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Elixir Norway, Oslo Node, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Tumor Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo, Norway.; Institute for Cancer Genetics and Informatics, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo, Norway, UK.; Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; K. G. Jebsen Coeliac Disease Research Centre, Oslo, Norway.
Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Cell Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Cell Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; cBio Center, Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Center for Bioinformatics, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Applied Bioinformatics, Department of Computer Science, Tübingen, Germany.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, MIT, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Computational Biology Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Cell Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Informatics, Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.; Department of Cell Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; cBio Center, Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.
Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.; Department of Oncology, Antwerp University Hospital, Edegem, Belgium.; Departments of Bioinformatics and Clinical Genomics, Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA, USA.
Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, Heidelberg, Germany.; Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, Heidelberg, Germany.; Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Institute of Theoretical Informatics, Postfach 6980, Karlsruhe, Germany.
KU Leuven, Rega Institute for Medical, Laboratorium of Clinical and Evolutionary Virology, Leuven, Belgium.; Artificial Intelligence Lab, Department of Computer Science, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Brussels, Belgium.; Emweb, Herent, Belgium.; Center for Global Health and Tropical Medicine, Institute for Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, Lisboa, Portugal.; KU Leuven, Rega Institute for Medical, Laboratorium of Clinical and Evolutionary Virology, Leuven, Belgium.
International Research Training Group 'Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes', Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Biodata Mining Group, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Biodata Mining Group, Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.
Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Human Genome Sequencing Center, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Bioinformatics Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; Bioinformatics Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; Bioinformatics Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; ICT, Innovation and Research Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; School of Biology, Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health, The University of Manchester, Manchester, UK.; Bioinformatics Institute (BII), Agency for Science, Technology and Research (ASTAR), Singapore.; Bioinformatics Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; Bioinformatics Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; Genomic Engineering, Design and Innovative Solutions in Biotechnology (GEDIS Biotech), Santiago, Chile.; Division of Medical Genetics, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.; Bioinformatics Unit, IRCCS Casa Sollievo della Sofferenza, Roma, Italy.
College of Life Sciences, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing, China.; College of Life Sciences, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing, China.; Department of Biology, University of Nebraska Omaha, Omaha, NE, USA.; College of Life Sciences, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing, China.
Faculty of Informatics and Information Technologies, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Bratislava, Slovakia.; Faculty of Informatics and Information Technologies, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Bratislava, Slovakia.; Faculty of Mathematics, Physics and Informatics, Comenius University in Bratislava, Bratislava, Slovakia.; Faculty of Informatics and Information Technologies, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Bratislava, Slovakia.
Institute of Automatic Control, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Institute of Automatic Control, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Department of Internal Medicine, Yale School of Medicine, Yale University, New Haven, CT, USA.; Institute of Automatic Control, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Institute of Informatics, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.

Department of Statistical Science, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies (SOKENDAI), Tachikawa, Japan.; Department of Statistical Science, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies (SOKENDAI), Tachikawa, Japan.; Department of Statistical Modeling, The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, Tachikawa, Japan.; Department of Statistical Science, The Graduate University for Advanced Studies (SOKENDAI), Tachikawa, Japan.; Department of Statistical Data Science, The Institute of Statistical Mathematics, Research Organization of Information and Systems, Tachikawa, Japan.
Grupo de Estudio en Parasitología Molecular (Gepamol), Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Investigación y Asesoría en Estadística, Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Investigación y Asesoría en Estadística, Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Estudio en Parasitología Molecular (Gepamol), Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Investigación y Asesoría en Estadística, Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.; Grupo de Investigación y Asesoría en Estadística, Universidad del Quindío, Armenia, Colombia.
Computational Biology Institute, The George Washington University, Washington, DC, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC, USA.; Computational Biology Institute, The George Washington University, Washington, DC, USA.
School of Fisheries and Aquaculture Sciences, University Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute Aquaculture Tropical, University Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; School of Fisheries and Aquaculture Sciences, University Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; School of Fisheries and Aquaculture Sciences, University Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute Aquaculture Tropical, University Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; School of Fisheries and Aquaculture Sciences, University Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.
Biotechnology Master Program, Postgraduate School, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung 40132, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang 45363, West Java, Indonesia.; Research Center for Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung 40133, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang 45363, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang 45363, West Java, Indonesia.; Faculty of Medicine, Universitas Jenderal Achmad Yani, Cimahi, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang 45363, West Java, Indonesia.; Research Center for Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung 40133, West Java, Indonesia.
College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; Beijing Collaborative Innovation Center for Eco-Environmental Improvement with Forestry and Fruit Trees, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Pollinating Insect Biology, Ministry of Agriculture, Institute of Apicultural Research, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Pollinating Insect Biology, Ministry of Agriculture, Institute of Apicultural Research, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, China.; College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, Bahir Dar University, Bahir Dar, Ethiopia.; Key Laboratory of Pollinating Insect Biology, Ministry of Agriculture, Institute of Apicultural Research, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; Beijing Collaborative Innovation Center for Eco-Environmental Improvement with Forestry and Fruit Trees, Beijing, China.
College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; Beijing Collaborative Innovation Center for Eco-Environmental Improvement with Forestry and Fruit Trees, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Pollinating Insect Biology, Ministry of Agriculture, Institute of Apicultural Research, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Pollinating Insect Biology, Ministry of Agriculture, Institute of Apicultural Research, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, China.; College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, Bahir Dar University, Bahir Dar, Ethiopia.; Key Laboratory of Pollinating Insect Biology, Ministry of Agriculture, Institute of Apicultural Research, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.; Beijing Collaborative Innovation Center for Eco-Environmental Improvement with Forestry and Fruit Trees, Beijing, China.
Department of Genetics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Department of Genetics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Holcombe Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Clemson University, Clemson, SC, USA.; School of Computing, Clemson University, Clemson, SC, USA.; Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC, USA.; Holcombe Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Clemson University, Clemson, SC, USA.; Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC, USA.
School of Bio Sciences and Technology, Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, India.; School of Bio Sciences and Technology, Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, India.
Department of Bioengineering, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada.; Department of Bioengineering, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada.
The Roslin Institute and R(D)SVS, University of Edinburgh, Easter Bush, UK.; Scotland's Rural College, Easter Bush, UK.; The Rowett Institute of Nutrition and Health, University of Aberdeen, King's College, Aberdeen, UK.; Scotland's Rural College, Easter Bush, UK.; The Roslin Institute and R(D)SVS, University of Edinburgh, Easter Bush, UK.
Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, NC, USA.
Department of Computational Biology, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, TN, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA.; Department of Computational Biology, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, TN, USA.
Champalimaud Research, Champalimaud Centre for the Unknown, Avenida Brasília, Doca de Pedrouços, Lisboa, Portugal.; Rowland Institute at Harvard, 100 Edwin H. Land Boulevard, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Champalimaud Research, Champalimaud Centre for the Unknown, Avenida Brasília, Doca de Pedrouços, Lisboa, Portugal.
School of Software Engineering, South China University of Technology, Guangzhou, P.R. China.; Department of Computer Science, Brandenburg University of Technology Cottbus-Senftenberg.; Department of Computer Science, Brunel University London.
Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Japan.; Department of Biosciences and Informatics, Keio University, Japan.
Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics at the Duke University School of Medicine.; Innovation Center for Biomedical Informatics (ICBI) at Georgetown University.; Duke University School of Medicine.; Department of Biomedical Informatics and Clinical Epidemiology at Oregon Health and Science University.; University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston.; Bioinformatics and Systems Medicine Laboratory (BSML), Center for Precision Health, School of Biomedical Informatics, the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston.; College of Medicine, University of Kentucky.; Duke University Medical Center.; Department of Biomedical Engineering and the Department of Systems and Industrial Engineering at the University of Arizona.; University of Pittsburgh.; University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston.; Prometheus Research.
MTA TTK Lendület Cancer Biomarker Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Magyar tudósok körútja 2, H-1117, Budapest, Hungary.; MTA TTK Lendület Cancer Biomarker Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Magyar tudósok körútja 2, H-1117, Budapest, Hungary.; MTA TTK Lendület Cancer Biomarker Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Magyar tudósok körútja 2, H-1117, Budapest, Hungary.; MTA TTK Lendület Cancer Biomarker Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Institute of Enzymology, Magyar tudósok körútja 2, H-1117, Budapest, Hungary.
Bioinformatics European Research Area Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics European Research Area Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics European Research Area Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics European Research Area Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics European Research Area Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics European Research Area Chair, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia, Cyprus.
Departmento de Informática y Automática, Universidad de Salamanca, Salamanca, Spain.; Departmento de Informática y Automática, Universidad de Salamanca, Salamanca, Spain.; Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, Unidad de Dinámica del Genoma y Epigenética, CSIC.USAL, Salamanca, Spain.; Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, Unidad de Dinámica del Genoma y Epigenética, CSIC.USAL, Salamanca, Spain.; Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, Unidad de Dinámica del Genoma y Epigenética, CSIC.USAL, Salamanca, Spain.; Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, Unidad de Dinámica del Genoma y Epigenética, CSIC.USAL, Salamanca, Spain.; Instituto de Biología Funcional y Genómica, Unidad de Dinámica del Genoma y Epigenética, CSIC.USAL, Salamanca, Spain.
Department of Cardiology, Angiology, and Pneumology, University Hospital Heidelberg.; DZHK (German Centre for Cardiovascular Research), Partner Site Heidelberg/Mannheim, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Cardiology, Angiology, and Pneumology, University Hospital Heidelberg.; DZHK (German Centre for Cardiovascular Research), Partner Site Heidelberg/Mannheim, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Cardiology, Angiology, and Pneumology, University Hospital Heidelberg.; DZHK (German Centre for Cardiovascular Research), Partner Site Heidelberg/Mannheim, Heidelberg, Germany.
Evolve BioSystems, Inc., Davis, CA, USA.; Evolve BioSystems, Inc., Davis, CA, USA.; Evolve BioSystems, Inc., Davis, CA, USA.; Department of Food Science and Technology, University of Nebraska, Lincoln, NE, USA.; Evolve BioSystems, Inc., Davis, CA, USA.
Epithelial Biology Center, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA.; Program in Chemical and Physical Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Epithelial Biology Center, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Epithelial Biology Center, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA.; Program in Chemical and Physical Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.
UnivLyon, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, ENS de Lyon, CNRS UMR, INSERM U1210, LBMC, F-69007, Lyon, France.; UnivLyon, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, CNRS, UMR, LBBE, F-69100, Villeurbanne, France.; UnivLyon, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, CNRS, UMR, LBBE, F-69100, Villeurbanne, France.; UnivLyon, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, ENS de Lyon, CNRS UMR, INSERM U1210, LBMC, F-69007, Lyon, France.
Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette L-4362, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette L-4362, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette L-4362, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette L-4362, Luxembourg.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette L-4362, Luxembourg.; Division of Systems Biomedicine and Pharmacology, Leiden Academic Centre for Drug Research, Faculty of Science, Leiden University, CC Leiden, The Netherlands.; Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette L-4362, Luxembourg.
IBENS, ENS-CNRS UMR8197, Inserm U1024, Ecole Normale Supérieure, Paris Cedex 05, France.
Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Evolutionary Bioinformatics Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute of Microbiology, University Hospital and University of Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute of Microbiology, University Hospital and University of Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute of Microbiology, University Hospital and University of Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Vital-IT Group, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Key Laboratory of Biomedical Information Engineering of Ministry of Education, School of Life Science and Technology, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, P. R. China.; Key Laboratory of Biomedical Information Engineering of Ministry of Education, School of Life Science and Technology, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, P. R. China.; Key Laboratory of Biomedical Information Engineering of Ministry of Education, School of Life Science and Technology, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, P. R. China.
Department of Computer Science, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Biotechnology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Biotechnology, Virtual University of Pakistan, Lahore, Pakistan.
College of Chemistry, Biology and Materials Science, East China University of Technology, Nanchang, P.R. China.; National Engineering Laboratory for Resource Development of Endangered Crude Drugs in Northwest China, Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Education for Medicinal Resources and Natural Pharmaceutical Chemistry, College of Life Sciences, Shaanxi Normal University, Xi'an, P.R. China.; College of Chemistry, Biology and Materials Science, East China University of Technology, Nanchang, P.R. China.; College of Chemistry, Biology and Materials Science, East China University of Technology, Nanchang, P.R. China.; College of Chemistry, Biology and Materials Science, East China University of Technology, Nanchang, P.R. China.
Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO, USA.
Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.
Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, USA.; Department of Computer Science (DIRO), Université de Montréal, QC, Canada.; Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA.
Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.; Grail, Inc, Menlo Park, CA, USA.
Center for Bioinformatics (ZBIT), Integrative Transcriptomics, Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics (ZBIT), Integrative Transcriptomics, Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Computer Science, BASIS Independent Silicon Valley, San Jose, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC, Australia.; Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC, Australia.; Faculty of Information Technology, Monash University, Clayton, VIC, Australia.
Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Paris, France.; INSERM, U900, Paris, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Paris, France.; RIKEN AIP, Tokyo, Japan.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, Paris, France.; INSERM, U900, Paris, France.; MINES ParisTech, PSL Research University, CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Paris, France.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; RIKEN AIP, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of intelligence science and technology, Kyoto University, Kyoto, Japan.
Department of Computer Science, École Normale Supérieure Paris-Saclay, Cachan, France.; Faculty of Science, Technology and Communication, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; Interdisciplinary Centre for Security, Reliability and Trust, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Luxembourg.; Faculty of Science, Technology and Communication, University of Luxembourg, Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg.; Interdisciplinary Centre for Security, Reliability and Trust, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, Life Sciences & Health, XG Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, Life Sciences & Health, XG Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Theoretical Biology & Bioinformatics, Utrecht University, JE Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Neurology, Brain Center Rudolf Magnus University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Theoretical Biology & Bioinformatics, Utrecht University, JE Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, Life Sciences & Health, XG Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Department of Neurology, Brain Center Rudolf Magnus University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica, Life Sciences & Health, XG Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Theoretical Biology & Bioinformatics, Utrecht University, JE Utrecht, The Netherlands.
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; International Research Training Group Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes and Genome Informatics, Faculty of Technology and Center for Biotechnology, Bielefeld University, Germany.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Department of Urologic Sciences, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.; Janelia Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA, USA.; Janelia Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, Ashburn, VA, USA.; Naringi, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Faculty of Computer and Information Science, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.
Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.; Bioinformatics Institute, Seoul National University, Seoul, Korea.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; IBM Research-Almaden Research Center, San Jose, CA, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry, University of Montreal, Montreal, QC, Canada.; Institut de Recherches Clinique de Montréal (IRCM), Montreal, QC, Canada.; Division of Experimental Medicine, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada.; School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada.
School of Geographic and Biological Information, Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Nanjing, China.; Smart Health Big Data Analysis and Location Services Engineering Lab of Jiangsu Province, Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Nanjing, China.; School of Telecommunication and Information Engineering, Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Nanjing, China.; Department of Pharmacology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; College of Computer and Information, Hohai University, Nanjing, China.; Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Drug Screening, China Pharmaceutical University, Nanjing, China.; School of Telecommunication and Information Engineering, Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Nanjing, China.; School of Geographic and Biological Information, Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Nanjing, China.; Smart Health Big Data Analysis and Location Services Engineering Lab of Jiangsu Province, Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Nanjing, China.; Child Mental Health Research Center, Nanjing Brain Hospital, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing, China.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Biological Chemistry, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.
Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Big Data in BioMedicine Group, Chair of Experimental Bioinformatics, TUM School of Life Sciences, Technical University of Munich, Freising, Germany.; Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Cluster of Excellence for Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Graduate School of Computer Science, Saarland Informatics Campus, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Developmental Biology, Department of Computational & Systems Biology, Pittsburgh Center for Evolutionary Biology and Medicine, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Cluster of Excellence for Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Institute for Cardiovascular Regeneration, Goethe University, Frankfurt am Main, Germany.; German Centre for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK), Partner site RheinMain, Frankfurt am Main, Germany (MHS).
Chair of Experimental Bioinformatics, TUM School of Life Sciences Weihenstephan, Technical University of Munich, Freising, Germany.; Pieris Pharmaceuticals GmbH, Freising, Germany.; Biocenter, Division of Bioinformatics, Medical University of Innsbruck, Innsbruck, Austria.; Cordeliers Research Centre, UMRS_1138, INSERM, University Paris-Descartes, Sorbonne University, Paris, France.; Programme Cartes d'Identité des Tumeurs, Ligue Nationale Contre le Cancer, Paris, France.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Basel, Switzerland.; Chair of Experimental Bioinformatics, TUM School of Life Sciences Weihenstephan, Technical University of Munich, Freising, Germany.; Cordeliers Research Centre, UMRS_1138, INSERM, University Paris-Descartes, Sorbonne University, Paris, France.; Big Data in BioMedicine Group, Chair of Experimental Bioinformatis, TUM School of Life Sciences Weihenstephan, Technical University of Munich, Freising, Germany.; Pieris Pharmaceuticals GmbH, Freising, Germany.; Independent Data Lab UG, Munich, Germany.
Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics, Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.
Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Universal Sequencing Technology Corporation, Carlsbad, CA, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California at San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing. Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing. Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing. Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing. Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), Institute of Computing. Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY, USA.
Univ. Grenoble Alpes, Inria, Grenoble, France.; Inria Saclay & Ecole Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France.; Univ. Grenoble Alpes, Inria, Grenoble, France.
Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Mammalian Genetics, Bar Harbor, ME, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Mammalian Genetics, Bar Harbor, ME, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.; Sage Bionetworks, Seattle, WA, USA.

Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Institute for Computational and Mathematical Engineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.

Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Electronic Engineering, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; National Laboratory of Biomacromolecules, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; High Performance Computer Research Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Statistics, TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, Germany.; Department of Statistics, TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, Germany.; Department of Statistics, TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, Germany.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Department Computer Science, University of Exeter, Exeter, UK.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.; Signalling Research Centres BIOSS and CIBSS, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
Bioinformatics Research Group (BioRG), School of Computing and Information Sciences, Florida International University, Miami, FL, USA.; Bioinformatics Research Group (BioRG), School of Computing and Information Sciences, Florida International University, Miami, FL, USA.; Bioinformatics Research Group (BioRG), School of Computing and Information Sciences, Florida International University, Miami, FL, USA.; Biomolecular Sciences Institute, Florida International University, Miami, FL, USA.
Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Bioinformatics Division and Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Bioinformatics Division and Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Bioinformatics Division and Center for Synthetic and Systems Biology, Beijing National Research Center for Information Science and Technology, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.
Laboratoire d'Informatique, de Robotique, et de Microelectronique de Montpellier (LIRMM), Université Montpellier, Montpellier, France.; Centre Nationale de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS), France.; School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montréal, QC, Canada.
Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Arts and Science, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Department of Computer Science and Operations Research, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Université de Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biomedicine, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biomedicine, University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, Switzerland.
Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience, Social, Genetic and Developmental Psychiatry (SGDP) Centre, King's College London, London, UK.; South London and Maudsley National Health Service Trust, National Institute for Health Research Biomedical Research Centre, London, UK.; Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience, Social, Genetic and Developmental Psychiatry (SGDP) Centre, King's College London, London, UK.; South London and Maudsley National Health Service Trust, National Institute for Health Research Biomedical Research Centre, London, UK.; Department of Medical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.; Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience, Social, Genetic and Developmental Psychiatry (SGDP) Centre, King's College London, London, UK.; South London and Maudsley National Health Service Trust, National Institute for Health Research Biomedical Research Centre, London, UK.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, Central South University, Changsha.; Provincial Key Laboratory of Informational Service for Rural Area of Southwestern Hunan, Shaoyang University, Shaoyang, China.; School of Computer Science and Engineering, Central South University, Changsha.; Department of Computer Science, Old Dominion University, Norfolk, VA, USA.; School of Computer Science and Engineering, Central South University, Changsha.
Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Department of Higher Mathematics, St. Petersburg Electrotechnical University "LETI", St. Petersburg, Russia.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, St. Petersburg State University, St. Petersburg, Russia.
Department of Computer Science, Genomics and Bioinformatics Cluster, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Genomics and Bioinformatics Cluster, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL, USA.
Computational Regulatory Genomics Group, MRC London Institute of Medical Sciences.; Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Clinical Sciences, Imperial College London, Hammersmith Campus, London, UK.; Computational Regulatory Genomics Group, MRC London Institute of Medical Sciences.; Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Clinical Sciences, Imperial College London, Hammersmith Campus, London, UK.; Sars International Centre for Marine Molecular Biology, University of Bergen, N Bergen, Norway.
Department of Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL, USA.; School of Biomedical Informatics and School of Public Health, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of BioSciences, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Biochemistry, Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, Instituto de Investigaciones Biomédicas "Alberto Sols (UAM-CSIC)", Madrid, Spain.; Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.
Monta Vista High School, Cupertino, CA, USA.; Department of Medicine and Biomedical Data Science, Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics Research, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.
Institut für Pathologie, Charité-Universitätsmedizin, Berlin.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt Universität zu Berlin, Berlin.; Berlin Institute of Health, Berlin, Germany.; Oncology Biomarker Development, Genentech Inc., South San Francisco, CA, USA.; Oncology Biomarker Development, Genentech Inc., South San Francisco, CA, USA.; Institut für Pathologie, Charité-Universitätsmedizin, Berlin.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt Universität zu Berlin, Berlin.; Berlin Institute of Health, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science and Engineering, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science and Engineering, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA.
Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, USA.; The Laboratory of Bioinformatics, I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State Medical University, Moscow, Russia.
Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Robotics Institute, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, Riverside, CA, USA.; Division of Vaccine Discovery, La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology, UC San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; School of Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, UC San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, Riverside, CA, USA.
Department of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA.; Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA.; Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA.
Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka, Japan.; Graduate School of Engineering, Saitama Institute of Technology, Fukaya, Saitama, Japan.; RIKEN Center for Advanced Intelligence Project, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan.; RIKEN Center for Advanced Intelligence Project, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan.; School of Automation, Guangdong University of Technology, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.; RIKEN Center for Advanced Intelligence Project, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka, Japan.; Medical Institute of Bioregulation, Kyushu University, Higashi-ku, Fukuoka, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka, Japan.; PRESTO Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi, Saitama, Japan.
Graduate School of Engineering, Soka University, Hachioji, Tokyo, Japan.; The Noguchi Institute, Itabashi, Tokyo, Japan.; Graduate School of Engineering, Soka University, Hachioji, Tokyo, Japan.; Faculty of Science and Engineering, Soka University, Hachioji, Tokyo, Japan.
Department of Compute Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA, USA.; Department of Compute Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA, USA.; Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Process, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Department of Compute Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA, USA.; Bioinformatics Division, BNRIST/Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Public Health, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT, Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.
Key Laboratory of Information Fusion Technology of Ministry of Education, Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xían, China.; Key Laboratory of Information Fusion Technology of Ministry of Education, Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xían, China.; Key Laboratory of Information Fusion Technology of Ministry of Education, Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xían, China.; Key Laboratory of Information Fusion Technology of Ministry of Education, Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xían, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, HRINU, SUERI, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The University of Texas at San Antonio, San Antonio, TX, USA.; Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, University of Texas Health San Antonio, San Antonio, TX, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Department for Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Institute for Biomedical Informatics, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Department for Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department for Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Institute for Biomedical Informatics, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Department for Computational Biology and Applied Algorithmics, Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarbrücken, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.; Institute for Biomedical Informatics, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; Genome Sciences Centre, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology, Espoo, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.
School of Computer and Information Technology, Xinyang Normal University, Xinyang, China.; Department of Computer Science, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE), Washington University in St Louis, St Louis, MO, USA.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology (SUSTC), Shenzhen, China.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology (SUSTC), Shenzhen, China.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology (SUSTC), Shenzhen, China.; Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; Department of Mathematics, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
Computational Cancer Biology, Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, Oncode Institute, the Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam CX, The Netherlands.; Department of Intelligent Systems, Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft CD, The Netherlands.; Department of Intelligent Systems, Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft CD, The Netherlands.; Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark.; Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Amsterdam Public Health Research Institute, Amsterdam University Medical Centers, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; MRC Biostatistics Unit, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Intelligent Systems, Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft CD, The Netherlands.; Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden ZC, The Netherlands.; Computational Cancer Biology, Division of Molecular Carcinogenesis, Oncode Institute, the Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam CX, The Netherlands.; Department of Intelligent Systems, Faculty of EEMCS, Delft University of Technology, Delft CD, The Netherlands.
Department of Computer Science and Technology, Center for Bioinformatics Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.; Center for Computational and Genomic Medicine, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Center for Bioinformatics Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Center for Bioinformatics Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.; Center for Computational and Genomic Medicine, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an, China.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; School of Computer Science and Engineering, Xi'an University of Technology, Xi'an, China.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an, China.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Cancer Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Cancer Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Cancer Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Cancer Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Cancer Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Cancer Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA; Yale Stem Cell Center, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06520, USA. Electronic address: rong.fan@yale.edu.
Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China; Department of Biology, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China. Electronic address: niulj@mail.sustc.edu.cn.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China; Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China. Electronic address: houch@sustc.edu.cn.
Department of Immunology, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Anhui Medical University, Hefei, China.; Department of Diarrhea, National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, China CDC, Beijing, China.; Department of Diarrhea, National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, China CDC, Beijing, China.; Department of Diarrhea, National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, China CDC, Beijing, China.; Department of Diarrhea, National Institute for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, China CDC, Beijing, China.; Department of Immunology, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Anhui Medical University, Hefei, China.
Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.; Faculty of Medicine, National University, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.; Faculty of Medicine, National University, Khartoum, Sudan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, National University Biomedical Research Institute, National University, Khartoum-Sudan.
Department of Experimental and Clinical Medicine, University of Florence, Florence, Italy.; GeneCore, European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Experimental and Clinical Medicine, University of Florence, Florence, Italy.; Department of Information Engineering, University of Florence, Florence, Italy.
Department of Mathematics and Center for Complex Biological Systems.; Department of Mathematics and Center for Complex Biological Systems.; Department of Mathematics and Center for Complex Biological Systems.; Department of Mathematics and Center for Complex Biological Systems.; Department of Development and Cell Biology, University of California, Irvine, CA, USA.
Exobiology Branch, NASA Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, CA, USA.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Switzerland.
Unité de Génétique et Physiologie de l'Audition, Département Neuroscience, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France.; UMRS 1120, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale, Paris, France.; Sorbonne Université, Paris, France.; Unité de Génétique et Physiologie de l'Audition, Département Neuroscience, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France.; UMRS 1120, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale, Paris, France.; Sorbonne Université, Paris, France.; Unité de Génétique et Physiologie de l'Audition, Département Neuroscience, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France.; UMRS 1120, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale, Paris, France.; Sorbonne Université, Paris, France.; Unité de Génétique et Physiologie de l'Audition, Département Neuroscience, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France.; UMRS 1120, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale, Paris, France.; Sorbonne Université, Paris, France.; Collège de France, Paris, France. 5Institut de la Vision, Paris, France.; Institut de la Vision, Paris, France.; Unité de Génétique et Physiologie de l'Audition, Département Neuroscience, Institut Pasteur, Paris, France.; UMRS 1120, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale, Paris, France.; Sorbonne Université, Paris, France.
Tumor Biology and Experimental Therapeutics Program, Institute of Oncology Research (IOR), Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Institute of Computational Science, Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Lugano, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Tumor Biology and Experimental Therapeutics Program, Institute of Oncology Research (IOR), Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Tumor Biology and Experimental Therapeutics Program, Institute of Oncology Research (IOR), Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Tumor Biology and Experimental Therapeutics Program, Institute of Oncology Research (IOR), Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Molecular Oncology Unit-CIEMAT and Centro de Investigacion Biomedica en Red de Cancer (CIBERONC), Madrid, Spain.; Tumor Biology and Experimental Therapeutics Program, Institute of Oncology Research (IOR), Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Tumor Biology and Experimental Therapeutics Program, Institute of Oncology Research (IOR), Università della Svizzera Italiana (USI), Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB), Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Oncology, Faculty of Biology and Medicine, University of Lausanne, Lausanne1066, Switzerland.
Department of Medical Genetics, Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, BC Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Bioinformatics Graduate Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Beijing Institute of Microbiology and Epidemiology, Beijing, China.; Department of Medical Genetics, Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, BC Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Department of Medical Genetics, Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, BC Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.; Institute of Parasitology, McGill University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.; Inception Institute of Artificial Intelligence (IIAI), Abu Dhabi, UAE.; King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Computational Bioscience Research Center (CBRC), Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division (CEMSE), Thuwal, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Piazzale Aldo Moro 5, Rome, Italy.; Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Instituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Viale Regina Elena, 291 Roma (RM), Italy.; Soft and Living Matter Laboratory, Institute of Nanotechnology, Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Piazzale Aldo Moro 5, Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Piazzale Aldo Moro 5, Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Piazzale Aldo Moro 5, Rome, Italy.; Bijvoet Center for Biomolecular Research, Faculty of Science - Chemistry, Utrecht University, Padualaan 8, Utrecht, the Netherlands.; Department of Science, Università degli Studi "Roma Tre", via della Vasca Navale 84, Rome, Italy.; Biozentrum, University of Basel, Klingelbergstrasse 50-70, CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Biozentrum, University of Basel, Klingelbergstrasse 50-70, CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Dr. Aiguader St. 88, Barcelona, Spain.; Institucio' Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avancats (ICREA), 23 Passeig Lluìs Companys, Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Biology and Biotechnology, Sapienza University of Rome, Piazzale Aldo Moro 5, Rome, Italy.; Department of Physics, Sapienza University, Piazzale Aldo Moro 5, Rome, Italy.; Center for Life Nano Science@Sapienza, Instituto Italiano di Tecnologia, Viale Regina Elena, 291 Roma (RM), Italy.
College of Veterinary Medicine, Inner Mongolia Agricultural University, Hohhot, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Regulation and Breeding of Grassland Livestock, College of Life Sciences, Inner Mongolia University, Hohhot, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Regulation and Breeding of Grassland Livestock, College of Life Sciences, Inner Mongolia University, Hohhot, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Regulation and Breeding of Grassland Livestock, College of Life Sciences, Inner Mongolia University, Hohhot, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Regulation and Breeding of Grassland Livestock, College of Life Sciences, Inner Mongolia University, Hohhot, China.; College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.; College of Veterinary Medicine, Inner Mongolia Agricultural University, Hohhot, China.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, USA.; Baidu Research USA, Sunnyvale, CA, USA.; Baidu Research USA, Sunnyvale, CA, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, USA.; Baidu Research USA, Sunnyvale, CA, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, USA.; Department of Biochemistry & Biophysics, Oregon State University, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY, USA.; Department of Biochemistry & Biophysics, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY, USA.; Center for RNA Biology, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY, USA.; Department of Biostatistics & Computational Biology, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY, USA.
Institute for Research in Biomedicine, Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.
Laboratory for Functional Genomics and Bioinformatics, Fiocruz, Oswaldo Cruz Institute, Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil.; Laboratory for Functional Genomics and Bioinformatics, Fiocruz, Oswaldo Cruz Institute, Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil.; Group for Computational Modelling, Fiocruz, Oswaldo Cruz Foundation, Eusébio, CE, Brazil.; Group for Molecular Modelling of Biologic Systems, National Laboratory of Scientific Computing, Petrópolis, RJ, Brazil.; Laboratory for Functional Genomics and Bioinformatics, Fiocruz, Oswaldo Cruz Institute, Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil.
Department of Computer Science, Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg D-79110, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg D-79110, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg D-79110, Germany.; Center for Biological Signaling Studies (BIOSS), University of Freiburg, Freiburg D-79104, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg D-79110, Germany.
School of Information Science and Technology.; School of Information Science and Technology.; Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH, China.; School of Information Science and Technology.; Institute of Science and Technology for Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; School of Information Science and Technology.; Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH, China.
Baylor Scott & White Research Institute, Dallas, TX, USA.; Institute of Biomedical Studies, Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA.; Baylor Scott & White Research Institute, Dallas, TX, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Stephen F. Austin State University, Nacogdoches, TX, USA.; Baylor Scott & White Research Institute, Dallas, TX, USA.; Baylor Scott & White Research Institute, Dallas, TX, USA.
Department of Medical Oncology and Therapeutics Research.; Department of Computational & Quantitative Medicine, Beckman Research Institute, City of Hope, Duarte, CA, USA.; Center for Theoretical Biological Physics, Rice University, Houston, TX, USA.; Centre for BioSystems Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India.; Department of Medical Oncology and Therapeutics Research.; Department of Medical Oncology and Therapeutics Research.; Department of Medical Oncology and Therapeutics Research.
Department of Computer Science, The Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro, Nigeria.; Covenant University Bioinformatics Research (CUBRe), Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria and.; Covenant University Bioinformatics Research (CUBRe), Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria and.; Covenant University Bioinformatics Research (CUBRe), Ota, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria and.; Covenant University Bioinformatics Research (CUBRe), Ota, Nigeria.
ExaScience Lab, IMEC vzw, Leuven, Belgium.; ExaScience Lab, IMEC vzw, Leuven, Belgium.; ExaScience Lab, IMEC vzw, Leuven, Belgium.
Center for Genomics and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Science, Universidad Mayor, Santiago, Chile.
Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Italy.; Department of Medical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin, Italy.
Human Biology Group, Institute for Biology, Department of Biology, Chemistry, Pharmacy, Freie Universität Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; Embrapa Agroenergia, Brasilia, Brazil.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, and Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, Universität Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, and Interdisciplinary Center for Bioinformatics, Universität Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany.; Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Science, Leipzig, Germany.; Department of Theoretical Chemistry, Universität Wien, Wien, Austria.; Faculdad de Ciencias, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá, Colombia.; Santa Fe Institute, Santa Fe, NM, USA.
Evolutionary Bioinformatics Laboratory, Department of Crop Sciences, C.R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, and Illinois Informatics Institute, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Evolutionary Bioinformatics Laboratory, Department of Crop Sciences, C.R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, and Illinois Informatics Institute, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Evolutionary Bioinformatics Laboratory, Department of Crop Sciences, C.R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, and Illinois Informatics Institute, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics, Gebze Technical University, Gebze, Turkey.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, College of Medicine, Seoul National University, Seoul, Republic of Korea.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Heidelberg, Germany.
Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Research Center for Precision Medicine, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Research Center for Precision Medicine, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Integrative Biology, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.
Department of Food Safety and Quality, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Veterinary Academy, Lithuanian University of Health Sciences, Kaunas, Lithuania.; Department of Food Safety and Quality, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Veterinary Academy, Lithuanian University of Health Sciences, Kaunas, Lithuania.; Department of Food Safety and Quality, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Veterinary Academy, Lithuanian University of Health Sciences, Kaunas, Lithuania.; Department of Food Safety and Quality, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, Veterinary Academy, Lithuanian University of Health Sciences, Kaunas, Lithuania.; Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg C, Denmark.
College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Stress Biology in Arid Areas, College of Life Sciences, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Stress Biology in Arid Areas, College of Life Sciences, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; Department of Agriculture, Hazara University, Mansehra, KPK, Pakistan.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Stress Biology in Arid Areas, College of Life Sciences, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Stress Biology in Arid Areas, College of Life Sciences, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; College of Horticulture, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Stress Biology in Arid Areas, College of Life Sciences, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, China.
Shanghai Universities Key Laboratory of Marine Animal Taxonomy and Evolution (Shanghai Ocean University), Shanghai, China.; Shanghai Collaborative Innovation for Aquatic Animal Genetics and Breeding, Shanghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Exploration and Utilization of Aquatic Genetic Resources (Shanghai Ocean Universitiy), Ministry of Education, Shanghai, China.; School of Aquatic and Fishery Sciences and the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; School of Aquatic and Fishery Sciences and the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.; Shanghai Universities Key Laboratory of Marine Animal Taxonomy and Evolution (Shanghai Ocean University), Shanghai, China.; Shanghai Collaborative Innovation for Aquatic Animal Genetics and Breeding, Shanghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Exploration and Utilization of Aquatic Genetic Resources (Shanghai Ocean Universitiy), Ministry of Education, Shanghai, China.
Computational Bio Big Data Open Innovation Lab (CBBD-OIL), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST)-Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Legal Medicine, School of Medicine, Toho University, Tokyo, Japan.; School of Medicine, Hangzhou Normal University, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Legal Medicine, School of Medicine, Toho University, Tokyo, Japan.; School of Medicine, Hangzhou Normal University, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Graduate School of Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, Agency for Science Technology and Research, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Graduate School of Integrative Sciences and Engineering, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, Agency for Science Technology and Research, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, Agency for Science Technology and Research, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, Agency for Science Technology and Research, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, Agency for Science Technology and Research, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, Agency for Science Technology and Research, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.

School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; School of Life Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.; School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Peking-Tsinghua Center for Life Sciences, Academy for Advanced Interdisciplinary Studies, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Robotics Institute, Beihang University, Beijing, China.; School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.; School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.; School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Peking-Tsinghua Center for Life Sciences, Academy for Advanced Interdisciplinary Studies, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Robotics Institute, Beihang University, Beijing, China.; School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.; School of Life Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; School of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing Key Laboratory of Neural Regeneration and Repair, Advanced Innovation Center for Human Brain Protection, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China.; PKU-IDG/McGovern Institute for Brain Research, Peking University, Beijing, China.
Department of Genome Mapping, Molecular Genetics and Genome Mapping Laboratory, Agricultural Genetic Engineering Research Institute, Giza, Egypt.; Department of Genome Mapping, Molecular Genetics and Genome Mapping Laboratory, Agricultural Genetic Engineering Research Institute, Giza, Egypt.; Department of Biotechnology, International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), Cairo, Egypt.
Division of Systems of Biology, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.; Laboratory of Intelligence Healthcare, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.; Institute for Advanced Research, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.; Department of Psychiatry, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.; Department of Psychiatry, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.; Department of Psychotherapy for parents and children, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.; Division of Systems of Biology, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya, Japan.
School of Biotechnology, International University, Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; School of Biotechnology, International University, Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.; School of Biotechnology, International University, Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of California, San Diego, CA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Cell & Systems Biology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Cell & Systems Biology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Centre for the Analysis of Genome Evolution and Function, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Cell & Systems Biology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Centre for the Analysis of Genome Evolution and Function, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.
Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Science for Life Laboratory, Rudbeck Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Science for Life Laboratory, Rudbeck Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Science for Life Laboratory, Rudbeck Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Division for Biology and Bioinformatics, School of Bioscience, The Systems Biology Research Centre, University of Skövde, Skövde, Sweden.; Division for Biology and Bioinformatics, School of Bioscience, The Systems Biology Research Centre, University of Skövde, Skövde, Sweden.; Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Science for Life Laboratory, Rudbeck Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Science for Life Laboratory, Rudbeck Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.
Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Interdisciplinary Biological Sciences Program, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Interdisciplinary Biological Sciences Program, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Center for Synthetic Biology, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Chemistry of Life Processes Institute, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.; Northwestern Institute on Complex Systems, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.
Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB ELIXIR-ES) and Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CSIC)/Instruct Image Processing Centre, Madrid, Spain.; Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB ELIXIR-ES) and Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CSIC)/Instruct Image Processing Centre, Madrid, Spain.; Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB ELIXIR-ES) and Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CSIC)/Instruct Image Processing Centre, Madrid, Spain.; Spanish National Institute for Bioinformatics (INB ELIXIR-ES) and Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CSIC)/Instruct Image Processing Centre, Madrid, Spain.
Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Biology, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Life Sciences Institute, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; School of Art and Design, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Neurology, Boston Children's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Biology, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology Cambridge, MA, USA.; Center for Brain Science, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Neurology, Boston Children's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology Cambridge, MA, USA.; Center for Brain Science, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Biology, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Computational Science and Technology, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Applied Physics, Swedish e-Science Research Center, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Solna, Sweden.; Department of Applied Physics, Swedish e-Science Research Center, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Solna, Sweden.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Applied Physics, Swedish e-Science Research Center, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Solna, Sweden.
Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Human and Social Sciences, University of Bergamo, Bergamo, Italy.; Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre of Systems Biology, Milan, Italy.; Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, Milan, Italy.; Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milan, Milan, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.
Department of biophysical chemistry and molecular oncology, Institute of Biophysics, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Informatics, Mendel University in Brno, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Informatics, Mendel University in Brno, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of biophysical chemistry and molecular oncology, Institute of Biophysics, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Biology and Ecology, Faculty of Science, University of Ostrava, Ostrava, Czech Republic.; Department of biophysical chemistry and molecular oncology, Institute of Biophysics, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Informatics, Mendel University in Brno, Brno, Czech Republic.; Brno University of Technology, Technicka 2896/2, 61969 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of biophysical chemistry and molecular oncology, Institute of Biophysics, Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, Brno, Czech Republic.; ARNA Laboratory, Inserm U1212, CNRS UMR5320, IECB, Université de Bordeaux, Pessac, France.
Department of Anatomy and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan.; Laboratory Animal Resource Center, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan.; Department of Anatomy and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan.; Laboratory Animal Resource Center, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan.


Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, Suita, Japan.; Laboratory for Statistical Analysis, RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical Sciences, Yokohama, Japan.; Department of Allergy and Rheumatology, Graduate School of Medicine, the University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, Suita, Japan.; Laboratory for Statistical Analysis, RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical Sciences, Yokohama, Japan.; Laboratory of Statistical Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center (WPI-IFReC), Osaka University, Suita, Japan.
Department of Biological Sciences, Oakland University, Rochester, MI, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Oakland University, Rochester, MI, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Oakland University, Rochester, MI, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Oakland University, Rochester, MI, USA.; Center for Data Science and Big Data Analytics, Oakland University, Rochester, MI, USA.
Department of Molecular and Systems Biology, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Department of Molecular and Systems Biology, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Data Science, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Lebanon, NH, USA.; Department of Molecular and Systems Biology, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Data Science, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Lebanon, NH, USA.; Department of Molecular and Systems Biology, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Hanover, NH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Data Science, Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, Lebanon, NH, USA.; Norris Cotton Cancer Center, Lebanon, NH, USA.; Department of Medicine, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.
Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel, ermany.; Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel, ermany.; Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel, ermany.
INSERM, Laboratory of Integrative Cancer Immunology, Equipe Labellisée Ligue Contre le Cancer, Sorbonne Université, Université Sorbonne Paris Cité, Université Paris Descartes, Université Paris Diderot, Centre de Recherche des Cordeliers, Paris F-75006, France.; Inovarion, Paris 75013, France.; INSERM, Laboratory of Integrative Cancer Immunology, Equipe Labellisée Ligue Contre le Cancer, Sorbonne Université, Université Sorbonne Paris Cité, Université Paris Descartes, Université Paris Diderot, Centre de Recherche des Cordeliers, Paris F-75006, France.; INSERM, Laboratory of Integrative Cancer Immunology, Equipe Labellisée Ligue Contre le Cancer, Sorbonne Université, Université Sorbonne Paris Cité, Université Paris Descartes, Université Paris Diderot, Centre de Recherche des Cordeliers, Paris F-75006, France.
Joint Research Center for Computational Biomedicine (JRC-COMBINE), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Aachen Institute for Advanced Study in Computational Engineering Science (AICES), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Joint Research Center for Computational Biomedicine (JRC-COMBINE), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Aachen Institute for Advanced Study in Computational Engineering Science (AICES), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Joint Research Center for Computational Biomedicine (JRC-COMBINE), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Aachen Institute for Advanced Study in Computational Engineering Science (AICES), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Joint Research Center for Computational Biomedicine (JRC-COMBINE), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Aachen Institute for Advanced Study in Computational Engineering Science (AICES), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Joint Research Center for Computational Biomedicine (JRC-COMBINE), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.; Aachen Institute for Advanced Study in Computational Engineering Science (AICES), RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.
Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Research Institute, Weill Cornell Medicine of Cornell University, Houston, TX, USA.; Houston Methodist Hospital, Houston Methodist Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Center for Clinical and Translational Cancer Research, Texas A&M Health Sciences Center, Institute of Biosciences and Technology, Houston, TX, USA.; Center for Clinical and Translational Cancer Research, Texas A&M Health Sciences Center, Institute of Biosciences and Technology, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Research Institute, Weill Cornell Medicine of Cornell University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Research Institute, Weill Cornell Medicine of Cornell University, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Urology, Immunobiology & Transplant Science Center, Houston Methodist Cancer Center, Houston Methodist Hospital, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Medicine, Weill Cornell Medicine of Cornell University, New York, NY, USA.; Division of Cancer Medicine, Department of Genitourinary Medical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Medical Oncology, Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Division of Cancer Medicine, Department of Genitourinary Medical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.; Center for Clinical and Translational Cancer Research, Texas A&M Health Sciences Center, Institute of Biosciences and Technology, Houston, TX, USA.; Department of Systems Medicine and Bioengineering, Houston Methodist Research Institute, Weill Cornell Medicine of Cornell University, Houston, TX, USA.; Houston Methodist Hospital, Houston Methodist Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA.
Department of Mathematics and Statistics and Organismal and Evolutionary Biology Research Programme, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; CSIRO Agriculture & Food, GPO Box 1600, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Biocenter Oulu and Infotech Oulu University of Oulu, Oulu FI-90014, Finland.
Bioinformatics Graduation Program (PPGBIOINFO), Department of Computer Science, Federal University of Technology - Paraná, Cornélio Procópio, Paraná, Brazil.; Bioinformatics Graduation Program (PPGBIOINFO), Department of Computer Science, Federal University of Technology - Paraná, Cornélio Procópio, Paraná, Brazil.; Department of Botany, Institute of Biosciences, São Paulo State University, UNESP, Rio Claro, São Paulo, Brazil.; Bioinformatics Graduation Program (PPGBIOINFO), Department of Computer Science, Federal University of Technology - Paraná, Cornélio Procópio, Paraná, Brazil.
Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Group, Cancer Research Center (CiC-IMBCC, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC), University of Salamanca (USAL), Campus Miguel de Unamuno s/n, Salamanca, Spain.; Celgene Institute for Translational Research Europe (CITRE), Parque Científico y Tecnológico Cartuja 93, Sevilla, Spain.; Celgene Institute for Translational Research Europe (CITRE), Parque Científico y Tecnológico Cartuja 93, Sevilla, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Group, Cancer Research Center (CiC-IMBCC, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC), University of Salamanca (USAL), Campus Miguel de Unamuno s/n, Salamanca, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Group, Cancer Research Center (CiC-IMBCC, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC), University of Salamanca (USAL), Campus Miguel de Unamuno s/n, Salamanca, Spain.; Celgene Institute for Translational Research Europe (CITRE), Parque Científico y Tecnológico Cartuja 93, Sevilla, Spain.; Celgene Institute for Translational Research Europe (CITRE), Parque Científico y Tecnológico Cartuja 93, Sevilla, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Group, Cancer Research Center (CiC-IMBCC, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC), University of Salamanca (USAL), Campus Miguel de Unamuno s/n, Salamanca, Spain.; Celgene Institute for Translational Research Europe (CITRE), Parque Científico y Tecnológico Cartuja 93, Sevilla, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics Group, Cancer Research Center (CiC-IMBCC, CSIC/USAL/IBSAL), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC), University of Salamanca (USAL), Campus Miguel de Unamuno s/n, Salamanca, Spain.
School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center, Ministry of Education, Xuzhou, People's Republic of China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center, Ministry of Education, Xuzhou, People's Republic of China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center, Ministry of Education, Xuzhou, People's Republic of China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; Mine Digitization Engineering Research Center, Ministry of Education, Xuzhou, People's Republic of China.




Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.



State Key Laboratory of Functions and Applications of Medicinal Plants, Guizhou Medical University, Guiyang 550014, China.; Key Laboratory of Endemic and Ethnic Diseases (Guizhou Medical University), Ministry of Education, Guiyang 550004, China.; Department of general surgery, Affiliated Hospital of Guizhou Medical University, Guiyang 550004, China.; The Laboratory of Cell Biochemistry and Topogenic Regulation, College of Bioengineering and Faculty of Sciences, Chongqing University, Chongqing 400044, China.; Key Laboratory of Endemic and Ethnic Diseases (Guizhou Medical University), Ministry of Education, Guiyang 550004, China.
Insight Centre for Data Analytics, NUI Galway, Ireland.; CSIRO, Canberra, Australia.; Australian National University, Canberra, Australia.; Insight Centre for Data Analytics, NUI Galway, Ireland.; Insight Centre for Data Analytics, NUI Galway, Ireland.
Immunology of Viral Infections and Autoimmune Diseases, IDMIT Infrastructure, CEA-Université Paris Sud 11-INSERM U1184, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Immunology of Viral Infections and Autoimmune Diseases, IDMIT Infrastructure, CEA-Université Paris Sud 11-INSERM U1184, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Service de Médecine Interne-Immunologie Clinique, APHP, Hôpitaux Universitaires Paris Sud, Le Kremin-Bicêtre, France.; Université Paris Sud, UMR-1184, Le Kremlin-Bicêtre, France.; Immunology of Viral Infections and Autoimmune Diseases, IDMIT Infrastructure, CEA-Université Paris Sud 11-INSERM U1184, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Immunology of Viral Infections and Autoimmune Diseases, IDMIT Infrastructure, CEA-Université Paris Sud 11-INSERM U1184, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.; Immunology of Viral Infections and Autoimmune Diseases, IDMIT Infrastructure, CEA-Université Paris Sud 11-INSERM U1184, Fontenay-aux-Roses, France.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, ZC Leiden, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, ZC Leiden, The Netherlands.; Computer Graphics and Visualization Group, Delft University of Technology, XE Delft, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology and Blood Transfusion.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, ZC Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Radiology, Leiden University Medical Center, ZA Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology and Blood Transfusion.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, ZC Leiden, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, ZC Leiden, The Netherlands.
"Momentum" Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, Research Center of Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, H Budapest, Hungary.; "Momentum" Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, Research Center of Natural Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, H Budapest, Hungary.
School of Computing Sciences and Computer Engineering, University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg, MS, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL, USA.
Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Chemical Engineering, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.; Department of Chemical Engineering, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.; Department of Electronic Engineering, Metabolomics Platform, IISPV, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.; CIBER of Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Diseases (CIBERDEM), Madrid, Spain.; Department of Electronic Engineering, Metabolomics Platform, IISPV, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.; CIBER of Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Diseases (CIBERDEM), Madrid, Spain.; CIBER of Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Diseases (CIBERDEM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe, Valencia, Spain.; CIBER of Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Diseases (CIBERDEM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Investigación Príncipe Felipe, Valencia, Spain.; Department of Electronic Engineering, Metabolomics Platform, IISPV, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.; CIBER of Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Diseases (CIBERDEM), Madrid, Spain.; Department of Chemical Engineering, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.; ICREA, Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Chemical Engineering, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.
Switch Laboratory, Center for Brain and Disease Research, VIB.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, KULeuven, Leuven Belgium.; Switch Laboratory, Center for Brain and Disease Research, VIB.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, KULeuven, Leuven Belgium.; Switch Laboratory, Center for Brain and Disease Research, VIB.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, KULeuven, Leuven Belgium.; Switch Laboratory, Center for Brain and Disease Research, VIB.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, KULeuven, Leuven Belgium.
Institute for Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Heinrich-Heine University of Düsseldorf, Düsseldorf, Germany.; Institute for Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Heinrich-Heine University of Düsseldorf, Düsseldorf, Germany.
Centre for Quantitative Medicine, Programme in Health Services and System Research, Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore.; Centre for Quantitative Medicine, Programme in Health Services and System Research, Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore.; Department of Mathematics, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China.; Centre for Quantitative Medicine, Programme in Health Services and System Research, Duke-NUS Medical School, Singapore.
RAI Services Company, Winston-Salem, NC, USA.; Omic Insight, Durham, NC, USA.; RAI Services Company, Winston-Salem, NC, USA.; RAI Services Company, Winston-Salem, NC, USA.
Microbiology Research Unit, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Microbiology Research Unit, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Microbiology Research Unit, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Enzyme Biotechnology and Pharmaceutics Research Unit, Department of Biochemistry, The Federal University of Technology, Akure, Nigeria.; Microbiology Research Unit, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Molecular Biology and Environmental Microbiology Research Unit, Department of Microbiology, The Federal University of Technology, Akure, Nigeria.
Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, USA.
Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; CoSE Computing for Life Sciences, San Francisco State University, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, San Francisco State University, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, San Francisco State University, San Francisco, CA, USA.; CoSE Computing for Life Sciences, San Francisco State University, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, San Francisco State University, San Francisco, CA, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.

Laboratory of Plant Genetics and Genomics, Department of Frontier Research and Development, Kazusa DNA Research Institute, Kazusa-kamatari, Chiba, Japan.; Laboratory of Plant Genetics and Genomics, Department of Frontier Research and Development, Kazusa DNA Research Institute, Kazusa-kamatari, Chiba, Japan.; Laboratory of Plant Genetics and Genomics, Department of Frontier Research and Development, Kazusa DNA Research Institute, Kazusa-kamatari, Chiba, Japan.; Laboratory of Plant Genetics and Genomics, Department of Frontier Research and Development, Kazusa DNA Research Institute, Kazusa-kamatari, Chiba, Japan.
Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg, Germany.; Institute of Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe, Germany.
Global Security Computing Applications Division, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Fort Detrick, MD, USA.; Global Security Computing Applications Division, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Fort Detrick, MD, USA.; Global Security Computing Applications Division, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Fort Detrick, MD, USA.; Biological Defense Research Directorate, Naval Medical Research Center, Fort Detrick, MD, USA.; Chemical and Biological Research, Defense Threat Reduction Agency, CA, USA.; Computational Sciences Research Center, San Diego State University, CA, USA.; Biological Defense Research Directorate, Naval Medical Research Center, Fort Detrick, MD, USA.; Computational Sciences Research Center, San Diego State University, CA, USA.; Global Security Computing Applications Division, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Fort Detrick, MD, USA.
Laboratory of Anthropology, Genetics and Peopling History, Department of Genetics and Evolution - Anthropology Unit, University of Geneva, Geneva 1205, Switzerland.; Institute of Genetics and Genomics in Geneva (IGE3), University of Geneva, Geneva 1211, Switzerland.; Department of Biochemistry, Genetics and Immunology, Vigo 36310, Spain.; Biomedical Research Center (CINBIO), University of Vigo, Vigo 36310, Spain.; Laboratory of Anthropology, Genetics and Peopling History, Department of Genetics and Evolution - Anthropology Unit, University of Geneva, Geneva 1205, Switzerland.; Computational and Molecular Population Genetics Laboratory, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, Bern 3012, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Global Health, GeoHealth Group, University of Geneva, Geneva 1205, Switzerland.; Institute for Environmental Sciences, University of Geneva, Geneva 1205, Switzerland.
Department of Computer Science, University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL, USA.
Institut Curie, PSL Research University, F-75005 Paris, France.; INSERM U900, F-75005 Paris, France.; CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, PSL Research University, F-75006 Paris, France.; Computational Systems Biology Team, Institut de Biologie de l'École Normale Supérieure, CNRS UMR8197, INSERM U1024, École Normale Supérieure, PSL Research University, Paris, France.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Center for Life Sciences, National Laboratory Astana, Nazarbayev University, Astana, Kazakhstan.; Programme Cartes d'Identité des Tumeurs (CIT), Ligue Nationale Contre le Cancer, Paris, France.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, F-75005 Paris, France.; INSERM U900, F-75005 Paris, France.; CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, PSL Research University, F-75006 Paris, France.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, CNRS, UMR144, Equipe Labellisée Ligue Contre le Cancer, Paris, France.; Sorbonne Universités, UPMC Université Paris 06, CNRS, UMR144, Paris.; Institut Curie, PSL Research University, F-75005 Paris, France.; INSERM U900, F-75005 Paris, France.; CBIO-Centre for Computational Biology, Mines ParisTech, PSL Research University, F-75006 Paris, France.; Lobachevsky University, Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.
Université Côte d'Azur, CNRS, INSERM, IRCAN, Nice 06107, France.; Université Côte d'Azur, CNRS, INSERM, IRCAN, Nice 06107, France.
The Research Institute of Basic Sciences, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.; Prosserman Centre for Health Research, The Lunenfeld-Tanenbaum Research Institute, Sinai Health System, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Genetics and Genome Biology, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Genetics and Genome Biology, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Division of Biostatistics, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Prosserman Centre for Health Research, The Lunenfeld-Tanenbaum Research Institute, Sinai Health System, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Division of Biostatistics, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Department of Mathematics Education, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.; Interdisciplinary Program in Bioinformatics, Seoul National University, Seoul, South Korea.
Department of Radiation Oncology, Rogel Cancer Center and Center for RNA Biomedicine, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Radiation Oncology, Rogel Cancer Center and Center for RNA Biomedicine, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Pathology and Department of Human Genetics, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Radiation Oncology, Rogel Cancer Center and Center for RNA Biomedicine, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Environmental Health Sciences, School of Public Health, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Department of Integrative Biology, University of Guelph, Guelph, ON, Canada.
Department of Pharmaceutical Analysis and Medicinal Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Pharmaceutical Analysis and Medicinal Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Pharmaceutical Analysis and Medicinal Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Riau, Pekanbaru, Riau 26293, Indonesia.; Inte:Ligand GmbH, Mariahilferstrasse, Vienna 1070, Austria.; Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Vienna, Vienna A-1090, Austria.
Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Cambridge Ltd, Illumina Centre, 19 Granta Park, Great Abington, Cambridge CB21 6DF, UK.; Illumina Cambridge Ltd, Illumina Centre, 19 Granta Park, Great Abington, Cambridge CB21 6DF, UK.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Computational Biology, New York Genome Center, New York, NY 10013, USA.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; UMC Utrecht Brain Center, Utrecht University, 3508 AB Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Medical Genetics, NHS Blood and Transplant Centre, Cambridge, CB2 0PT, UK.; Department of Haematology, University of Cambridge, NHS Blood and Transplant Centre, Cambridge, CB2 0PT, UK.; NIHR BioResource, Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Cambridge Biomedical Campus, Cambridge, CB2 0QQ, UK.; Genomics England, Queen Mary University London, London EC1M 6BQ, UK.; Genomics England, Queen Mary University London, London EC1M 6BQ, UK.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; UMC Utrecht Brain Center, Utrecht University, 3508 AB Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Medical Genetics, NHS Blood and Transplant Centre, Cambridge, CB2 0PT, UK.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.; Illumina Cambridge Ltd, Illumina Centre, 19 Granta Park, Great Abington, Cambridge CB21 6DF, UK.; Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA 92122, USA.
Department of Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, State College, PA 16802, USA.; Department of Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, State College, PA 16802, USA.; Department of Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, State College, PA 16802, USA.; Center for Medical Genomics, The Pennsylvania State University, State College, PA 16802, USA.
Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; College of Information Engineering, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.; Center for Cancer Systems Biology (CCSB) and Department of Cancer Biology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Department of Genetics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; College of Chemistry, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.; AIST-Waseda University Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.; AIST-Waseda University Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Computer Science, Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.; AIST-Waseda University Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), Tokyo, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, Japan.; Graduate School of Medicine, Nippon Medical School, Tokyo, Japan.
Department of Biomedical Systems Informatics, Brain Korea 21 PLUS Project for Medical Science, Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul 03722, South Korea.; Department of Biomedical Systems Informatics, Brain Korea 21 PLUS Project for Medical Science, Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul 03722, South Korea.
Department of Biomedical Engineering, Wonkwang University College of Medicine, Iksan, Korea.; Medical Convergence Research Center, Wonkwang University Hospital, Iksan, Korea.; Department of Electrical and Communication Engineering, The Papua New Guinea University of Technology, Papua New Guinea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Soonchunhyang University, Asan, Korea.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Wonkwang University College of Medicine, Iksan, Korea.
College of Biology and Food Engineering, Innovation and Practice Base for Postdoctors, Anyang Institute of Technology, Anyang, China.; Institute of Plant Stress Biology, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.; Institute of Plant Stress Biology, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.; Institute of Plant Stress Biology, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.; Institute of Plant Stress Biology, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.; College of Biology and Food Engineering, Innovation and Practice Base for Postdoctors, Anyang Institute of Technology, Anyang, China.; State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Institute of Cotton Research of Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science, Anyang, China.; School of Biological and Marine Sciences, Faculty of Science and Engineering, University of Plymouth, Devon, UK.; Institute of Plant Stress Biology, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.; Institute of Plant Stress Biology, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan University, Kaifeng, China.
Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Faculty of Fisheries and Food Science, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Tropical Aquaculture, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Center for Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Laboratory of Aquaculture & Artemia Reference Center, Faculty of Bioscience Engineering, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Institute of Marine Biotechnology, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.; Faculty of Fisheries and Food Science, Universiti Malaysia Terengganu, Kuala Nerus, Malaysia.
Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; NEPBIO (Group of Biological Studies and Research on Cerrado), Federal Institute of Goiás (IFG), Formosa, Goiás, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.
Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.; Institute of Molecular Tumorbiology, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.; Institute of Molecular Tumorbiology, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics, University of Münster, Münster, Germany.
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry.; Institute of Engineering in Medicine, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Institute of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, National Chiao Tung University, HsinChu, Taiwan.; Institute of Pharmacology, National Yang-Ming University, Taipei, Taiwan.; School of Life and Health Sciences.; Warshel Institute for Computational Biology, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Longgang District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China.; Shenzhen Bay Laboratory, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry.
Bernoulli Institute, University of Groningen, Groningen AG, The Netherlands.; Department of Analytical Biochemistry, Groningen Research Institute of Pharmacy.; Department of Analytical Biochemistry, Groningen Research Institute of Pharmacy.; European Research Institute for the Biology of Ageing, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Groningen AV, The Netherlands.; Bernoulli Institute, University of Groningen, Groningen AG, The Netherlands.; Department of Analytical Biochemistry, Groningen Research Institute of Pharmacy.
Department of Bioinformatics, Igenomix S.L., 46980 Valencia, Spain.; Clinical Bioinformatics Area, Fundación Progreso y Salud (FPS), CDCA, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 41013, Spain.; Clinical Bioinformatics Area, Fundación Progreso y Salud (FPS), CDCA, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 41013, Spain.; Chromatin and Gene expression Lab, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Program, Centre de Regulació Genòmica (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, PRBB, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Clinical Bioinformatics Area, Fundación Progreso y Salud (FPS), CDCA, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 41013, Spain.; Chromatin and Gene expression Lab, Gene Regulation, Stem Cells and Cancer Program, Centre de Regulació Genòmica (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, PRBB, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Clinical Bioinformatics Area, Fundación Progreso y Salud (FPS), CDCA, Hospital Virgen del Rocio, Sevilla 41013, Spain, Functional Genomics Node (INB), FPS, Hospital Virgen del Rocío, Sevilla 41013, Spain and Bioinformatics in Rare Diseases (BiER), Centro de Investigación Biomédica en Red de Enfermedades Raras (CIBERER), FPS, Hospital Virgen del Rocío, Sevilla 41013, Spain.
Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, University of Malaga (UMA), 29010 Malaga, Spain.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, University of Malaga (UMA), 29010 Malaga, Spain.; CIBER de Enfermedades Raras, ISCIII, Madrid, Spain and Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, University of Malaga (UMA), 29010 Malaga, Spain.; Research laboratory, IBIMA-Regional University Hospital of Malaga, UMA, Malaga 29009, Spain.
Department of Life Science, College of Natural Sciences, Hanyang University, Seoul 04763, Republic of Korea.; Department of Life Science, College of Natural Sciences, Hanyang University, Seoul 04763, Republic of Korea.; Department of Life Science, College of Natural Sciences, Hanyang University, Seoul 04763, Republic of Korea.
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, 1241 E. Catherine St., 5940 Buhl, Ann Arbor 48109-5618, USA.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.; Graduate School of Medicine, Kyoto University, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8507, Japan.; Graduate School of Informatics, Kyoto University, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Graduate School of Informatics, Kyoto University, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan.; Monash Biomedicine Discovery Institute, Monash Centre for Data Science and ARC Centre of Excellence in Advance Molecular Imaging, Monash University, Melbourne, VIC 3800, Australia.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011, Japan.
State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; School of Agriculture, Policy and Development, University of Reading, Reading RG6 6AR, United Kingdom.; State Key Laboratory of Crop Genetics and Germplasm Enhancement, Nanjing Agricultural University, Nanjing, China.; Crop Information Center, College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, China.
Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre, 28029 Madrid, Spain.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SA, UK.; MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Cambridge, MA and Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre, 28029 Madrid, Spain.; MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Cambridge, MA and Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute, Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, Cambridge, CB10 1SD, UK.; Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre, 28029 Madrid, Spain.

Agriculture Plant Biotechnology Lab (ARL-316), University School of Biotechnology, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Sector-16 C, Dwarka, New Delhi-110078, India.; Agriculture Plant Biotechnology Lab (ARL-316), University School of Biotechnology, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Sector-16 C, Dwarka, New Delhi-110078, India.
Britton Chance Center for Biomedical Photonics, Wuhan National Laboratory for Optoelectronics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; MOE Key Laboratory for Biomedical Photonics, School of Engineering Sciences, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; HUST-Suzhou Institute for Brainsmatics, JITRI Institute for Brainsmatics, Suzhou 215125, China.; Britton Chance Center for Biomedical Photonics, Wuhan National Laboratory for Optoelectronics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; MOE Key Laboratory for Biomedical Photonics, School of Engineering Sciences, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Britton Chance Center for Biomedical Photonics, Wuhan National Laboratory for Optoelectronics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; MOE Key Laboratory for Biomedical Photonics, School of Engineering Sciences, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; HUST-Suzhou Institute for Brainsmatics, JITRI Institute for Brainsmatics, Suzhou 215125, China.; Britton Chance Center for Biomedical Photonics, Wuhan National Laboratory for Optoelectronics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; MOE Key Laboratory for Biomedical Photonics, School of Engineering Sciences, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. Electronic address: qluo@mail.hust.edu.cn.
College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; Zhuhai Laboratory of Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Zhuhai College of Jilin University, Zhuhai, China.; Bioinformatics and Mathematical Biosciences Lab, Department of Agronomy, Horticulture and Plant Science, South Dakot State University, Brookings, SD, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, South Dakota State University, Brookings, SD, USA.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, South Dakota State University, Brookings, SD, USA.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.
Division of Biostatistics, Department of Public Health Sciences, University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Joint First Authors.; Division of Biostatistics, Department of Public Health Sciences, University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Joint First Authors.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation, Department of Human Genetics, and John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics, University of Miami, Miami, FL, USA.; Division of Biostatistics, Department of Public Health Sciences, University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Division of Biostatistics, Department of Public Health Sciences, University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.; Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation, Department of Human Genetics, and John P. Hussman Institute for Human Genomics, University of Miami, Miami, FL, USA.
School of Mathematics and Statistics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology.; Department of Statistics, University of Iowa.; School of Mathematics and Statistics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Ohio State University.
Zhongshan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; Zhongshan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; Zhongshan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; Zhongshan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.; State Key Lab of Ophthalmology, Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 500040, China.; Zhongshan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.
Department of machine learning and bioinformatics, Bioinformatics Center, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji, Japan.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Otakaari, FI, Finland.
University Hospital of Cologne, Germany.; Departement of medical biometry and biostatistics, University of Heidelberg, Germany.; Statistical Genetics Group, Institute of Medical Biometry and Informatics, University of Heidelberg, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Boston University, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, MA, USA.; Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Program, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, MA, USA.
Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.
University of Maryland Institute for Bioscience and Biotechnology Research, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Cell Biology and Molecular Genetics, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA.; University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Comprehensive Cancer Center, Baltimore, MD, USA.; University of Maryland Institute for Bioscience and Biotechnology Research, Rockville, MD, USA.; Department of Cell Biology and Molecular Genetics, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA.; University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Comprehensive Cancer Center, Baltimore, MD, USA.
Data Mining Group, Faculty of Automatic Control, Electronic and Computer Science, Institute of Automatic Control, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Department of Immunology, Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology, Berlin, Germany.; Data Mining Group, Faculty of Automatic Control, Electronic and Computer Science, Institute of Automatic Control, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Yale School of Medicine, Yale Cancer Center, New Haven, CT 06510, USA.; Department of Immunology, Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Immunology, Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology, Berlin, Germany.; Data Mining Group, Faculty of Automatic Control, Electronic and Computer Science, Institute of Automatic Control, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Department of Immunology, Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology, Berlin, Germany.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, Wexner Medical Center, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Institute for Informatics, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Pathology, Wexner Medical Center, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Pathology, Wexner Medical Center, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Wexner Medical Center, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Institute for Informatics, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Institute for Informatics, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Wexner Medical Center, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Institute for Informatics, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO, USA.
Department of Information and Communication Engineering, Myongji University, Yongin, Gyeonggi-do, Korea.; Department of Biology, Chungnam National University, Daejeon, Korea.; Department of Multimedia Engineering, Dongguk University, Seoul, Korea.
School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen, China.; Department of Computing, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hung Hom, Hong Kong.; Department of Computing, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hung Hom, Hong Kong.; Department of Computer Science, University of Warwick, Coventry CV4 4AL, UK.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen, China.; Department of Computing, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hung Hom, Hong Kong.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen, China.
Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Center for Quantitative Sciences, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Center for Quantitative Sciences, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Center for Quantitative Sciences, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Center for Quantitative Sciences, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Center for Quantitative Sciences, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.; Center for Quantitative Sciences, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, TN, USA.
Bioinformatics Division, Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, VIC, Australia.; Department of Medical Biology, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC, Australia.; School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Haidian District, Beijing, China.; Bioinformatics Division, Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, VIC, Australia.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC, Australia.; Bioinformatics Division, Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, VIC, Australia.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, La Trobe University, Bundoora, VIC, Australia.; Baker Heart and Diabetes Institute, Melbourne, VIC, Australia.
Department of Knowledge Technologies, Jožef Stefan Institute, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Department of Biotechnology and Systems Biology, National Institute of Biology, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Department of Biotechnology and Systems Biology, National Institute of Biology, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Knowledge Technologies, Jožef Stefan Institute, Ljubljana, Slovenia.; Centre for Information Technologies and Applied Mathematics, University of Nova Gorica, Nova Gorica, Slovenia.
Bijvoet Center for Biomolecular Research, Faculty of Science - Chemistry, Utrecht University, Utrecht 3584 CH, The Netherlands.; Bioinformatics & Genomics Graduate Program, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Artificial Intelligence Research Laboratory, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16823, USA.; Huck Institutes of the Life Sciences, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Netherlands eScience Center, Amsterdam 1098 XG, The Netherlands.; Bioinformatics & Genomics Graduate Program, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Artificial Intelligence Research Laboratory, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16823, USA.; Huck Institutes of the Life Sciences, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Center for Big Data Analytics and Discovery Informatics, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16823, USA.; Institute for Cyberscience, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Clinical and Translational Sciences Institute, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; College of Information Sciences & Technology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Bijvoet Center for Biomolecular Research, Faculty of Science - Chemistry, Utrecht University, Utrecht 3584 CH, The Netherlands.; Bijvoet Center for Biomolecular Research, Faculty of Science - Chemistry, Utrecht University, Utrecht 3584 CH, The Netherlands.
Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Department of Environmental Health Sciences, Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Department of Environmental Health Sciences, Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.
Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.; CHDI Foundation, Princeton, NJ, USA.; CHDI Foundation, Princeton, NJ, USA.; Sorbonnes Université, Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, Research Unit Biology of Adaptation and Aging (B2A), Team Compensation in Neurodegenerative Diseases and Aging (Brain-C), Paris F-75252, France.
Department of Computer Engineering and Computer Science, Louisville, KY 40208, USA.; Department of Computer Engineering and Computer Science, Louisville, KY 40208, USA.; Department of Computer Engineering and Computer Science, Louisville, KY 40208, USA.; Department of Computer Engineering and Computer Science, Louisville, KY 40208, USA.; KBRIN Bioinformatics Core, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 40208, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3G4, Canada.; The Donnelly Centre, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3E1, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3G4, Canada.; The Donnelly Centre, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 3E1, Canada.; Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5S 1A8, Canada.
Health Informatics Institute, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, IDDI Inc., Raleigh, NC, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Proteomics and Metabolomics Core Facility, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Thoracic Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.
Department of Statistical Bioinformatics, Institute of Functional Genomics, Regensburg 93040, Germany.; Department of Physics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg 93040, Germany.; Department of Physics, University of Regensburg, Regensburg 93040, Germany.; Department of Statistical Bioinformatics, Institute of Functional Genomics, Regensburg 93040, Germany.
Computer Science Department, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Department of Computer Science, College of Computer and Information Sciences, Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.; Computer Science Department, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; National Center for Register-Based Research, Aarhus University, DK-8210 Aarhus, Denmark.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Computational Biology-USR 3756 CNRS, Institut Pasteur, 75015 Paris, France.; Department of Epidemiology, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, 02115 Boston, MA, USA.
Biostatistics Department, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Biostatistics Department, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.
Department of Statistics, Feng Chia University, Taichung, Taiwan R.O.C.; Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, The University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Knoxville, TN, USA.
Department of Structural Bioinformatics, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Department of Structural Bioinformatics, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.; Poznan Supercomputing and Networking Center, Poznan 61-139, Poland.; Department of Structural Bioinformatics, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan 60-965, Poland.
Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Center of Personal Dynamic Regulomes, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Center of Personal Dynamic Regulomes, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; School of Life Science, Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Ulsan, 44919, South Korea.; Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Stanford Genome Technology Center, Stanford University, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Department of Mathematics, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong.; Department of Public Health Sciences, The University of Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; Center for Quantitative Medicine, Duke-NUS Medical School, 169856, Singapore.; Department of Mathematics, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong.
School of Life Sciences, Key Laboratory of Yunnan for Biomass Energy and Biotechnology of Environment, Yunnan Normal University, Kunming, P.R. China.; The Germplasm Bank of Wild Species, Kunming Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, P.R. China.; The Germplasm Bank of Wild Species, Kunming Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, P.R. China.; School of Life Sciences, Key Laboratory of Yunnan for Biomass Energy and Biotechnology of Environment, Yunnan Normal University, Kunming, P.R. China.; The Germplasm Bank of Wild Species, Kunming Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, P.R. China.
Centre for Genomic Regulation, Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain.; Biotechvana S.L., Parc Científic Universitat de València, Valencia, Spain.; Faculty of Computers and Information, Minia University, Minia, Egypt.; Biotechvana S.L., Parc Científic Universitat de València, Valencia, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation, Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Experimental and Health Sciences, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain.; Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats, Barcelona, Spain.

University of Greifswald, Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science, 17489 Greifswald, Germany; University of Greifswald, Center for Functional Genomics of Microbes, 17489 Greifswald, Germany. Electronic address: katharina.hoff@uni-greifswald.de.
National Key Laboratory of Wheat and Maize Crop Science, College of Life Sciences, Henan Agricultural University, Zhengzhou 450002, China; National Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement, National Center of Plant Gene Research (Wuhan), Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China.; National Key Laboratory of Wheat and Maize Crop Science, College of Life Sciences, Henan Agricultural University, Zhengzhou 450002, China. Electronic address: yaowen@henau.edu.cn.; National Key Laboratory of Wheat and Maize Crop Science, College of Life Sciences, Henan Agricultural University, Zhengzhou 450002, China.; National Key Laboratory of Wheat and Maize Crop Science, College of Life Sciences, Henan Agricultural University, Zhengzhou 450002, China.
CAS Key Laboratory of Computational Biology, CAS-MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institute of Nutrition and Health, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Computational Biology, CAS-MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institute of Nutrition and Health, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Computational Biology, CAS-MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institute of Nutrition and Health, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; Department of Genetics and Genome Sciences, University of Connecticut Health Center, Farmington, CT 06030, USA.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201210, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Computational Biology, CAS-MPG Partner Institute for Computational Biology, Shanghai Institute of Nutrition and Health, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201210, China. Electronic address: liyang@picb.ac.cn.
Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; The National Center for Drug Screening and the CAS Key Laboratory of Receptor Research, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201203, China.; School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; The National Center for Drug Screening and the CAS Key Laboratory of Receptor Research, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201203, China.; The National Center for Drug Screening and the CAS Key Laboratory of Receptor Research, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201203, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; School of Life Science, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Department of Electronics and Information Engineering, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; The National Center for Drug Screening and the CAS Key Laboratory of Receptor Research, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201203, China. Electronic address: dhyang@simm.ac.cn.; The National Center for Drug Screening and the CAS Key Laboratory of Receptor Research, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201203, China; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201210, China; Shanghai Medical College, Fudan University, Shanghai 200032, China. Electronic address: mwwang@simm.ac.cn.; Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China. Electronic address: zengjy321@tsinghua.edu.cn.
Mobile, AL, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
College of Life Sciences, Capital Normal University, Beijing, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Plant Resources Research and Development, Beijing Technology and Business University, Beijing, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Plant Resources Research and Development, Beijing Technology and Business University, Beijing, China.; College of Life Sciences, Capital Normal University, Beijing, China.; College of Life Sciences, Capital Normal University, Beijing, China.; College of Life Sciences, Capital Normal University, Beijing, China.
Nutrition Genetics and Biotechnology Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Nutrition Genetics and Biotechnology Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Aquatic Animal Health and Environment Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Nutrition Genetics and Biotechnology Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Nutrition Genetics and Biotechnology Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Aquatic Animal Health and Environment Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Nutrition Genetics and Biotechnology Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Center for Agricultural Bioinformatics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute, New Delhi, India.; Center for Agricultural Bioinformatics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute, New Delhi, India.; Aquatic Animal Health and Environment Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.; Nutrition Genetics and Biotechnology Division, ICAR-Central Institute of Brackishwater Aquaculture, Chennai, India.
State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; College of Horticulture, Anhui Agricultural University, Hefei, China.; Wulanchabu Academy of Agricultural and Husbandry Sciences, Wulanchabu, China.; Quzhou Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Quzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; State Key Laboratory for Managing Biotic and Chemical Threats to the Quality and Safety of Agro-Products, Institute of Vegetables, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.; China-Australia Research Centre for Crop Improvement, Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, China.
Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Occupational Health, McGill University, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Centre for Clinical Epidemiology, Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Département de sciences de la décision, HEC Montréal, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Occupational Health, McGill University, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Centre for Clinical Epidemiology, Lady Davis Institute, Jewish General Hospital, Montréal, QC, Canada.; Gerald Bronfman Department of Oncology, McGill Department of Human Genetics, McGill University, Montréal, QC, Canada.
Integrated Mathematical Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, 33612 FL, USA.; Stanford Genome Technology Center, Stanford University, Palo Alto, 94304 CA, USA.; 10X Genomics, Pleasanton 94588 CA, USA.; Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.; Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.; Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.; Department of Molecular and Cell Biology, University of California, Berkeley, 94720 CA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.; Stanford Genome Technology Center, Stanford University, Palo Alto, 94304 CA, USA.; Department of Pathology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.; Stanford Genome Technology Center, Stanford University, Palo Alto, 94304 CA, USA.; Division of Oncology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 94305 CA, USA.
Department of Agricultural Biotechnology, Faculty of Agriculture, Atatürk University, Erzurum, Turkey.; Department of Fisheries and Fish Processing Technology, Faculty of Fisheries, Atatürk University, Erzurum, Turkey.; Department of Aquaculture, Faculty of Fisheries, Atatürk University, Erzurum, Turkey.
Departamento de Farmacia, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá, Colombia.; Stem Medicina Regenerativa/CryoHoldco, Bogotá, Colombia.; Unidad de Investigación, Hospital Militar Central, Bogotá, Colombia.; Departamento de Farmacia, Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Bogotá, Colombia.; Facultad de Odontología, Universidad El Bosque, Bogotá, Colombia.; Stem Medicina Regenerativa/CryoHoldco, Bogotá, Colombia.; Stem Medicina Regenerativa/CryoHoldco, Bogotá, Colombia.; Stem Medicina Regenerativa/CryoHoldco, Bogotá, Colombia.; CINIBA-CIC-PBA, Facultad de Ciencias Médicas, Universidad Nacional de La Plata, La Plata, Argentina.; CINIBA-CIC-PBA, Facultad de Ciencias Médicas, Universidad Nacional de La Plata, La Plata, Argentina.
Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Molecular and Human Genetics, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; DNAnexus, Inc., Mountain View, CA 94040, USA.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
Architecture et Fonction des Macromolécules Biologiques, CNRS and Aix-Marseille Université, UMR 7257, Polytech Case 925, 13009 Marseille, France.; European Virus Bioinformatics Center, Leutragraben 1, 07743 Jena, Germany.; Instituto de Patología Vegetal, Centro de Investigaciones Agropecuarias, Instituto Nacional de Tecnología Agropecuaria, X5119 Córdoba, Argentina.; Architecture et Fonction des Macromolécules Biologiques, CNRS and Aix-Marseille Université, UMR 7257, Polytech Case 925, 13009 Marseille, France.; Architecture et Fonction des Macromolécules Biologiques, CNRS and Aix-Marseille Université, UMR 7257, Polytech Case 925, 13009 Marseille, France.; Architecture et Fonction des Macromolécules Biologiques, CNRS and Aix-Marseille Université, UMR 7257, Polytech Case 925, 13009 Marseille, France.; European Virus Bioinformatics Center, Leutragraben 1, 07743 Jena, Germany.
Compugen Ltd, 72 Pinchas Rosen, Tel Aviv, Israel. kliger@compugen.co.il
British Columbia Cancer Agency, Genome Sciences Centre, 675 West 10th Avenue, Vancouver, BC V5Z 1L3, Canada. rwarren@bcgsc.ca
Center for biological sequence analysis, CBS, Kemitorvet 208, Technical University of Denmark, DK-2800 Lyngby, Denmark. lunde@cbs.dtu.dk
Emweb bv, Herent, Belgium.; Emweb bv, Herent, Belgium.; KwaZulu-Natal Research Innovation and Sequencing Platform (KRISP), School of Laboratory Medicine and Medical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa.; Laboratório de Genética Celular e Molecular, Instituto de Ciências Biológicas, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte, Brazil.; Coordenação Geral dos Laboratórios de Saúde Pública/Secretaria de Vigilância em Saúde, Ministério da Saúde, (CGLAB/SVS-MS), Brasília, Brazil.; KwaZulu-Natal Research Innovation and Sequencing Platform (KRISP), School of Laboratory Medicine and Medical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa.; Laboratório de Flavivírus, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil.; Laboratório de Genética Celular e Molecular, Instituto de Ciências Biológicas, Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais, Belo Horizonte, Brazil.; Laboratório de Flavivírus, Instituto Oswaldo Cruz, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz, Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil.; Emweb bv, Herent, Belgium.; KwaZulu-Natal Research Innovation and Sequencing Platform (KRISP), School of Laboratory Medicine and Medical Sciences, College of Health Sciences, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa.; Centre for the AIDS Programme of Research in South Africa (CAPRISA), Durban, South Africa.; Department of Global Health, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, USA.
Institut für Informationsverarbeitung (TNT), Leibniz University Hannover, 30167 Hannover, Germany.; IDLab, Ghent University-imec, 9050 Ghent, Belgium.; Institut für Informationsverarbeitung (TNT), Leibniz University Hannover, 30167 Hannover, Germany.; National Center for Supercomputing Applications, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; National Center for Supercomputing Applications, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; IDLab, Ghent University-imec, 9050 Ghent, Belgium.; Institut für Informationsverarbeitung (TNT), Leibniz University Hannover, 30167 Hannover, Germany.; Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.
Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg 69118.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg 69118.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg 69118.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe 76128, Germany.
Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011.; Hewlett-Packard Japan Ltd., Koto-ku, Tokyo 136-8711.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011.; Database Center for Life Science, Research Organization of Information and Systems, Kashiwa, Chiba 277-0871, Japan.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Gokasho, Uji, Kyoto 611-0011.
Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, 20139 Milan.; Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, 20139 Milan.; Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, Università Degli Studi di Milano, Milan 20122, Italy.; Department of Experimental Oncology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, 20139 Milan.
Plant and Animal Genomics, Statistical and Population Genomics Group, CSIC-IRTA-UAB-UB Consortium, Centre for Research in Agricultural Genomics (CRAG), 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; IAPCBA and IAPCH, UNVM, Villa María, Córdoba 5900, Argentina.; URM Animal Genetics and Integrative Biology, GABI, INRA, AgroParisTech, Université Paris-Saclay, 78352 Jouy-en-Josas, France.; Animal Physiology and Livestock Systems Divisions, INRA, Herbivore Research Unit, Clermont Auvergne University, Saint Genès-Champanelle 63122, France.; URM Animal Genetics and Integrative Biology, GABI, INRA, AgroParisTech, Université Paris-Saclay, 78352 Jouy-en-Josas, France.; Animal Breeding and Genetics Program, IRTA, 08140 Caldes de Montbui, Spain.
Institute of Biophysics, Biological Research Centre, H-6726 Szeged, Hungary.; Institute of Biophysics, Biological Research Centre, H-6726 Szeged, Hungary.; Institute of Biophysics, Biological Research Centre, H-6726 Szeged, Hungary.; Department of Biochemistry and Medical Chemistry, Medical School, University of Pécs, H-7622 Pécs, Hungary.
Molecular Regulation of Heart Failure (CMG and ELP); Bioinformatics Unit (FSC), Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid 28029, Spain.; Molecular Regulation of Heart Failure (CMG and ELP); Bioinformatics Unit (FSC), Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid 28029, Spain.; Molecular Regulation of Heart Failure (CMG and ELP); Bioinformatics Unit (FSC), Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid 28029, Spain.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; School of Life Science, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; School of Life Science, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.
Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Industrial Engineering and Innovation Sciences, Eindhoven University of Technology, Eindhoven 5612 AZ, The Netherlands.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Hormel Institute, University of Minnesota, Austin, MN 55912, USA.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Human and Social Sciences, University of Bergamo, Bergamo 24129, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Biotechnology and Biosciences, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; Department of Informatics, Systems and Communication, University of Milano-Bicocca, Milano 20126, Italy.; SYSBIO.IT Centre for Systems Biology, Milano 20126, Italy.
Department of Computer Science, Carleton College, Northfield, MN 55057, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Carleton College, Northfield, MN 55057, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.; Department of Biology, Reed College, Portland, OR 97202, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Carleton College, Northfield, MN 55057, USA.
College of Life Sciences, Beijing Normal University, Beijing, China.
Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Facility, James Graham Brown Cancer Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics & Biostatistics, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Alcohol Research Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Hepatobiology & Toxicology COBRE Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Facility, James Graham Brown Cancer Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics & Biostatistics, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Facility, James Graham Brown Cancer Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Alcohol Research Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Hepatobiology & Toxicology COBRE Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Price Institute of Surgical Research, Hiram C. Polk Jr. M.D. Department of Surgery, School of Medicine, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Alcohol Research Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Hepatobiology & Toxicology COBRE Center, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.; Gastroenterology, Robley Rex Louisville VA Medical Center, Louisville, KY, USA.; Price Institute of Surgical Research, Hiram C. Polk Jr. M.D. Department of Surgery, School of Medicine, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA.
Department of Marine Science, University of Hawai'i at Hilo, Hilo, HI, USA.; Tropical Conservation Biology and Environmental Science Graduate Program, University of Hawai'i at Hilo, Hilo, HI, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, Lafayette, LA, USA.; Core Genetics Lab, University of Hawai'i at Hilo, Hilo, HI, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Idaho, Moscow, ID, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Louisiana at Lafayette, Lafayette, LA, USA.; Department of Marine Science, University of Hawai'i at Hilo, Hilo, HI, USA.; Golden Honu Services of Oceania, Honolulu, HI, USA.
Centre for Genomic Regulation, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; ICREA, Barcelona 08010, Spain.
Microbiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium.; Laboratory of Microbiology and BCCM/LMG Bacteria Collection, Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Faculty of Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Laboratory of Microbiology and BCCM/LMG Bacteria Collection, Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Faculty of Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Microbiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium.; Microbiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium.; Microbiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium.; Laboratory of Microbiology and BCCM/LMG Bacteria Collection, Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Faculty of Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Laboratory of Microbiology and BCCM/LMG Bacteria Collection, Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Faculty of Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; LIPM, Université de Toulouse, INRAE, CNRS, Castanet-Tolosan, France.; Laboratory of Microbiology and BCCM/LMG Bacteria Collection, Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, Faculty of Sciences, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Microbiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium.
Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping, Sweden.; Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping, Sweden.; Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping, Sweden.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.; Joint CMU-Pitt PhD Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.
Department of Informatics and Telecommunications, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Ilisia, 15784 Athens, Greece.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus.; Biomedical Research Foundation Academy of Athens, 115 27 Athens, Greece.; Department of Haematology, University of Cambridge, Cambridge CB2 0XY, UK.; Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge CB10 1SA, UK.; Wellcome Trust-Medical Research Council Cambridge Stem Cell Institute, Cambridge CB2 0AW, UK.; Greek Research and Technology Network, S.A., 11523 Athens, Greece.; Biomedical Research Foundation Academy of Athens, 115 27 Athens, Greece.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, 2370 Nicosia, Cyprus.
Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, Budapest 1094, Hungary.; MTA-SE Molecular Biophysics Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest 1094, Hungary.; Faculty of Information Technology and Bionics, Pázmány Péter Catholic University, Budapest 1083, Hungary.; Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, Budapest 1094, Hungary.; MTA-SE Molecular Biophysics Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest 1094, Hungary.; Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, Budapest 1094, Hungary.; Faculty of Brain Sciences, University College London, London W1T 7NF, UK.; 'Momentum' Membrane Protein Bioinformatics Research Group, Institute of Enzymology, RCNS, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, 1117 Budapest, Hungary.; Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, Budapest 1094, Hungary.; MTA-SE Molecular Biophysics Research Group, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest 1094, Hungary.
Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping 581 83, Sweden.; Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping 581 83, Sweden.

China Tobacco Gene Research Center, Zhengzhou Tobacco Research Institute of CNTC, Zhengzhou, China.; China Tobacco Gene Research Center, Zhengzhou Tobacco Research Institute of CNTC, Zhengzhou, China.; China Tobacco Gene Research Center, Zhengzhou Tobacco Research Institute of CNTC, Zhengzhou, China.; China Tobacco Gene Research Center, Zhengzhou Tobacco Research Institute of CNTC, Zhengzhou, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.; China Tobacco Gene Research Center, Zhengzhou Tobacco Research Institute of CNTC, Zhengzhou, China.
State Key Lab for Turbulence and Complex Systems and Center for Theoretical Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Department of Medical Microbiology, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden 2300 RC, The Netherlands.; Faculty of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics.; Faculty of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics.; Belozersky Institute of Physico-Chemical Biology, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow 119899, Russia.; Department of Medical Microbiology, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden 2300 RC, The Netherlands.; Faculty of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics.; Belozersky Institute of Physico-Chemical Biology, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow 119899, Russia.; Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden 2300 RC, The Netherlands.
Krembil Research Institute, UHN, 60 Leonard Avenue, Toronto, ON M5T 0S8, Canada.; Krembil Research Institute, UHN, 60 Leonard Avenue, Toronto, ON M5T 0S8, Canada.; Krembil Research Institute, UHN, 60 Leonard Avenue, Toronto, ON M5T 0S8, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5T 3A1, Canada.; Department of Medical Biophysics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5G 1L7, Canada.; Institute of Neuroimmunology, Slovak Academy of Sciences, Dubravska cesta 9, SK-84510, Bratislava, Slovakia.
Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Biophysics, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Biophysics, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; National Magnetic Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Biophysics, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Chemistry, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; National Magnetic Resonance Facility at Madison, Biochemistry Department, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.
Synthetic and System Biology Unit, Biological Research Centre (BRC), Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Synthetic and System Biology Unit, Biological Research Centre (BRC), Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Synthetic and System Biology Unit, Biological Research Centre (BRC), Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Synthetic and System Biology Unit, Biological Research Centre (BRC), Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Buchmann Institute for Molecular Life Sciences (BMLS), Goethe University of Frankfurt, DE-60438 Frankfurt, Germany.; Synthetic and System Biology Unit, Biological Research Centre (BRC), Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Istituto Scientifico Romagnolo per lo Studio e la Cura dei Tumori (IRST) IRCCS, I-47014 Meldola (FC), Italy.; Synthetic and System Biology Unit, Biological Research Centre (BRC), Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland University of Helsinki, FI-00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Single-Cell Technologies Ltd, H-6726 Szeged, Hungary.
Center for Uterine Cancer Diagnosis & Therapy Research of Zhejiang Province, Women's Reproductive Health Key Laboratory of Zhejiang Province and Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Women's Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Department of Respiratory Medicine, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310016, China.; Department of Respiratory Medicine, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310016, China.; Institute for Advanced Research, Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, Zhejiang 325035, China.; Center for Uterine Cancer Diagnosis & Therapy Research of Zhejiang Province, Women's Reproductive Health Key Laboratory of Zhejiang Province and Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Women's Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Center for Uterine Cancer Diagnosis & Therapy Research of Zhejiang Province, Women's Reproductive Health Key Laboratory of Zhejiang Province and Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Women's Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Department of Respiratory Medicine, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310016, China.; Center for Uterine Cancer Diagnosis & Therapy Research of Zhejiang Province, Women's Reproductive Health Key Laboratory of Zhejiang Province and Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Women's Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Institute for Advanced Research, Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, Zhejiang 325035, China.; Department of Pathology, Affiliated Hangzhou First People's Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Center for Uterine Cancer Diagnosis & Therapy Research of Zhejiang Province, Women's Reproductive Health Key Laboratory of Zhejiang Province and Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Women's Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Department of Respiratory Medicine, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310016, China.; Department of Pathology, Affiliated Hangzhou First People's Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.; Department of Physiology, Center of Systems Molecular Medicine, Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Center for Uterine Cancer Diagnosis & Therapy Research of Zhejiang Province, Women's Reproductive Health Key Laboratory of Zhejiang Province and Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Women's Hospital and Institute of Translational Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310029, China.
Ph.D. Program in Biology, The Graduate Center, The City University of New York, New York, NY 10016, USA.; Department of Astronomy, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027, USA.; Ph.D. Program in Biochemistry.; Ph.D. Program in Biology, The Graduate Center, The City University of New York, New York, NY 10016, USA.; Ph.D. Program in Biochemistry.; Ph.D. Program in Computer Science, The Graduate Center, The City University of New York, New York, NY 10016, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Hunter College, The City University of New York, New York, NY 10016, USA.; Helen and Robert Appel Alzheimer's Disease Research Institute, Feil Family Brain & Mind Research Institute, Weill Cornell Medicine, Cornell University, New York, NY 10065, USA.
Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78705, USA.; Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78705, USA.; Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78705, USA.
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.; Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.; Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.; School of Biomedical Sciences, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China.; Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.; Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.
Photosynthesis Research Center, CAS Key Laboratory of Photobiology, Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100093, China; College of Life Sciences, Graduate University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Photosynthesis Research Center, CAS Key Laboratory of Photobiology, Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100093, China.; Precision Scientific (Beijing) Co., Beijing 100085, China.; Advanced Biotechnology and Application Research Center, School of Chemistry and Biological Engineering, University of Science and Technology Beijing, Beijing 100083, China.; Center for Advanced Biotechnology and Medicine, Biological Mass Spectrometry Facility, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08855, USA.; Center for Advanced Biotechnology and Medicine, Biological Mass Spectrometry Facility, Rutgers University, Piscataway, NJ 08855, USA.; Photosynthesis Research Center, CAS Key Laboratory of Photobiology, Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100093, China.; Crop Germplasm Resources Institute, Jilin Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Gongzhuling 136100, China. Electronic address: xhli@cjaas.com.; Photosynthesis Research Center, CAS Key Laboratory of Photobiology, Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100093, China. Electronic address: wangbc@ibcas.ac.cn.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Department of Respiratory & Critical Care Medicine, Peking University People's Hospital, Beijing 100044, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Department of Biochemistry and Microbiology, School of Environmental and Biological Sciences, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, New Brunswick, NJ 08901, USA.; Bioinformatics and Mathematical Biosciences Lab, Department of Agronomy, Horticulture and Plant Science and Department of Mathematics and Statistics, South Dakota State University, Brookings, SD 57007, USA.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: kangy@big.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China. Electronic address: junyu@big.ac.cn.
Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping 581 83, Sweden.; Division of Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, Linköping 581 83, Sweden.
School of Biomedical Informatics, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Computer Science.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Biochemistry.; Institute for Biomedical Informatics.; Markey Cancer Center.; Center for Environmental and Systems Biochemistry, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506, USA.; School of Biomedical Informatics, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Institute of Biophysics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, Brno 612 65, Czech Republic.; Department of Informatics, Mendel University in Brno, Brno 613 00, Czech Republic.; Institute of Biophysics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, Brno 612 65, Czech Republic.; Department of Informatics, Mendel University in Brno, Brno 613 00, Czech Republic.
Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg 69118, Germany.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg 69118, Germany.; Computational Molecular Evolution Group, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies, Heidelberg 69118, Germany.; Institute for Theoretical Informatics, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Karlsruhe 76131, Germany.
Data Analysis and Mathematical Modeling.; Biomolecular Medicine.; Cancer Research Institute Ghent.; Center for Medical Genetics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Data Analysis and Mathematical Modeling.; Cancer Research Institute Ghent.; National Institute for Applied Statistics Research Australia (NIASRA), University of Wollongong, Wollongong, Australia.; Data Science Institute, I-BioStat, Hasselt University, Hasselt, Belgium.
Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry.; Research Computing Group, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC V5A 1S6, Canada.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry.; Department of Computer Science, Dalhousie University, Halifax, NS B3H 4R2, Canada.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry.; Department of Computer Science, Dalhousie University, Halifax, NS B3H 4R2, Canada.; Department of Molecular Biology and Biochemistry.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.; Department of Pathology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15261, USA.; Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN 55455, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260, USA.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genome Sciences, University of Connecticut Health Center, Farmington, CT 06030, USA.
Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale (IPBS), Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale (IPBS), Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Laboratoire de Spectrométrie de Masse BioOrganique, Université de Strasbourg, CNRS, IPHC, Strasbourg 67087, UMR 7178, France.; Laboratoire de Spectrométrie de Masse BioOrganique, Université de Strasbourg, CNRS, IPHC, Strasbourg 67087, UMR 7178, France.; Laboratoire de Spectrométrie de Masse BioOrganique, Université de Strasbourg, CNRS, IPHC, Strasbourg 67087, UMR 7178, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale (IPBS), Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.; Laboratoire de Spectrométrie de Masse BioOrganique, Université de Strasbourg, CNRS, IPHC, Strasbourg 67087, UMR 7178, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale (IPBS), Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Laboratoire de Spectrométrie de Masse BioOrganique, Université de Strasbourg, CNRS, IPHC, Strasbourg 67087, UMR 7178, France.; Institut de Pharmacologie et de Biologie Structurale (IPBS), Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, Toulouse, France.; Laboratoire de Spectrométrie de Masse BioOrganique, Université de Strasbourg, CNRS, IPHC, Strasbourg 67087, UMR 7178, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.; Université Grenoble Alpes, Inserm, CEA, IRIG, BGE, Grenoble 38000, France.
Department of Cellular Biology, Institute of Biological Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Instituto de Investigação em Imunologia, Instituto Nacional de Ciência e Tecnologia (iii-INCT), São Paulo, Brazil.; Department of Cellular Biology, Institute of Biological Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Department of Cellular Biology, Institute of Biological Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; NEPBio, Federal Institute of Goiás, Formosa, Brazil.; Department of Cellular Biology, Institute of Biological Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Ribeirão Preto, USP, Ribeirão Preto, Brazil.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Ribeirão Preto, USP, Ribeirão Preto, Brazil.; Department of Cellular Biology, Institute of Biological Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Department of Cellular Biology, Institute of Biological Science, University of Brasília, Brasília, Brazil.; Instituto de Investigação em Imunologia, Instituto Nacional de Ciência e Tecnologia (iii-INCT), São Paulo, Brazil.
Department of Electronic and Information Engineering, Politecnico di Bari, Bari, Italy.; Department of Biomedical Science and Human Oncology, University of Bari Medical School, Bari, Italy.; Department of Mathematics, University of Bari Aldo Moro, Bari, Italy.
Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.
Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz, Hanns-Dieter-Hüsch-Weg 15, Mainz 55128, Germany.; Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz, Hanns-Dieter-Hüsch-Weg 15, Mainz 55128, Germany.
Department of Biomedical Science, College of Clinical Pharmacy, King Faisal University, Al-Ahsa, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Department of Biomedical Science, College of Clinical Pharmacy, King Faisal University, Al-Ahsa, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Department of Biomedical Science, College of Clinical Pharmacy, King Faisal University, Al-Ahsa, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Department of Biomedical Science, College of Clinical Pharmacy, King Faisal University, Al-Ahsa, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.; Department of Biomedical Science, College of Clinical Pharmacy, King Faisal University, Al-Ahsa, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; School of Computational Science and Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.
Division of Biomedical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada.; Division of Biomedical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada.; School of Computer Science, Shaanxi Normal University, Xi'an, China.; School of Mathematics and Statistics, Hainan Normal University, Haikou, China.; Division of Biomedical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada.; Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada.
Department of Hepatic Surgery, The Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Hospital, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Nuclear Medicine, Shanghai Tenth People's Hospital, School of Medicine, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Interventional Oncology, Shanghai Seventh People's Hospital, Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Shanghai, China.; Department of Nuclear Medicine, Shanghai Tenth People's Hospital, School of Medicine, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Hepatic Surgery, The Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Hospital, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.
Department of Gynecology, First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Taiyuan, China.; Department of Gynecology, First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Taiyuan, China.; Department of Gynecology, First Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Taiyuan, China.
School of Public Health, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai, P.R. China.; Department of Central Laboratory, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People's Hospital, Nanjing Medical University, Huai'an, P.R. China.; Faculty of Biological Science and Technology, Changzhi University, Changzhi, P.R. China.; School of Public Health, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai, P.R. China.; School of Public Health, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai, P.R. China.; School of Public Health, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai, P.R. China.
Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University Medical Center, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Division of Genomic Diagnostics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Division of Genomic Diagnostics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Foundation 29, Pozuelo de Alarcon, 28223 Madrid, Spain.; Foundation 29, Pozuelo de Alarcon, 28223 Madrid, Spain.; Dravet Syndrome European Federation, 29200 Brest, France.; Institute for Basic Research in Developmental Disabilities (IBR), Staten Island, NY 10314, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University Medical Center, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
Department of Genetics, Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Genetics, Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; Department of Computer and Information Science, School of Engineering, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Medical Image Processing, School of Biomedical Engineering, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Center for Biostatistics, The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.; Department of Pathology.; Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Medical Image Processing, School of Biomedical Engineering, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Department of Medicine, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.

The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genome Sciences.; Institute of Systems Genomics, University of Connecticut Health Center, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.
Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering, New York, NY 10027, USA.; Department of Systems Biology, Columbia University, New York, NY 10032, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering, New York, NY 10027, USA.; Data Science Institute, Columbia University, New York, NY 10027, USA.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Aalto University, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Biotech Research & Innovation Centre, University of Copenhagen, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Aalto University, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Turku, FI-20014 Turku, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Science for Life Laboratory (SciLifeLab), Department of Oncology and Pathology, Karolinska Institutet, 171 65 Solna, Stockholm, Sweden.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, FI-00290 Helsinki, Finland.; Science for Life Laboratory (SciLifeLab), Department of Oncology and Pathology, Karolinska Institutet, 171 65 Solna, Stockholm, Sweden.
BGI Americas Corporation, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark.; BGI Genomics, Shenzhen, China.; BGI Genomics, Shenzhen, China.; BGI Genomics, Shenzhen, China.; BGI Tech Solutions, Hong Kong, China.; BGI Genomics, Shenzhen, China.; BGI Genomics, Shenzhen, China.; Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, China.; China National GeneBank, Shenzhen, China.
School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.
Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Cancer Genome Computational Analysis, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.


Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molec; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Joint BSC-CRG-IRB Program in Computational Biology, Barcelona, Spain, Computational Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08034, Spain, Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona 08028, Spain, Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Biology Faculty, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain and Structural Bioinformatics Node, National Institute of Bioinformatics, Barcelona 08028, Spain.
State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of State Forestry Administration, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of State Forestry Administration, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of State Forestry Administration, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of State Forestry Administration, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Beijing, China.
Center for Biomedical Informatics, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, Brown University, Providence, RI, USA.; Rhode Island Quality Institute, Providence, RI, USA.
Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics Group, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics Group, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics Group, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics Group, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of International Studies, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics Group, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Key Laboratory of Chemical Biology, The Graduate School at Shenzhen, Tsinghua University, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China.; Bioinformatics and Drug Design Group, Department of Pharmacy, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; Lab of Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics, College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; Innovative Drug Research and Bioinformatics Group, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.
Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Mainz, Germany.; Department of Biomedical Science, University of Padova, Padova, Italy.; Bioinformatics Research Laboratory, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Biological Computation and Process Laboratory, Chemical Process & Energy Resources Institute, Centre for Research & Technology Hellas, Thessalonica, Greece.; MTA-ELTE Lendület Bioinformatics Research Group, Department of Biochemistry, Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Hungary.; Centre de Biochimie Structurale, INSERM, CNRS, Université de Montpellier, Montpellier, France.; Institute of Informatics, Silesian University of Technology, Gliwice, Poland.; Center of New Technologies, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, Poland.; Faculty of Mathematics and Information Science, Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Warsaw, Poland.; Centre de Biochimie Structurale, INSERM, CNRS, Université de Montpellier, Montpellier, France.; Faculty of Information Technology and Bionics, Pázmány Péter Catholic University, Budapest, Hungary.; Biological Computation and Process Laboratory, Chemical Process & Energy Resources Institute, Centre for Research & Technology Hellas, Thessalonica, Greece.; Bioinformatics Research Laboratory, Department of Biological Sciences, University of Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus.; Centre de Recherche en Biologie Cellulaire de Montpellier, CNRS-UMR, Institut de Biologie Computationnelle, Universite de Montpellier, Montpellier, France.; Institute of Bioengineering, University ITMO, St. Petersburg, Russia.; Earlham Institute, Norwich, UK.; ELIXIR Hub, Welcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, UK.; Department of Biomedical Science, University of Padova, Padova, Italy.; CNR Institute of Neuroscience, Padova, Italy.; MTA-ELTE Lendület Bioinformatics Research Group, Department of Biochemistry, Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Hungary.; Institute of Organismic and Molecular Evolution, Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Mainz, Germany.
College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; Bioinformatics and Drug Design Group, Department of Pharmacy, National University of Singapore, Singapore, Singapore.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.
Division of Life Science, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China.; Division of Life Science, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China.; Division of Life Science, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China.
Division of Biomedical Sciences, University of California Riverside School of Medicine, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Division of Biomedical Sciences, University of California Riverside School of Medicine, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Division of Biomedical Sciences, University of California Riverside School of Medicine, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Division of Biomedical Sciences, University of California Riverside School of Medicine, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.
Department of Medical Microbiology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Epidemiology, Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care of the UMC Utrecht.; Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Sciences, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Sciences, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Medical Microbiology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Parasites and Microbes, Wellcome Sanger Institute, Hinxton, Saffron Walden CB10 1RQ, UK.; Department of Biostatistics, University of Oslo, 0317 Oslo, Norway.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Helsinki Institute of Information Technology (HIIT), University of Helsinki, FI-00014 Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Medical Microbiology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands.; Department of Medical Microbiology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht University, 3584 CX Utrecht, The Netherlands.
Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Genetics, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Penn Neurodegeneration Genomics Center.; Department of Genetics, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
Institut Pasteur, Unité Régulation Spatiale des Génomes, UMR3525 CNRS, Paris 75015, France.; Sorbonne Université, Collège Doctoral, Paris 75005, France.; Département Biologie Computationnelle, Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique, Institut Pasteur, USR 3756 CNRS, Paris 75015, France.; Institut Pasteur, Unité Régulation Spatiale des Génomes, UMR3525 CNRS, Paris 75015, France.; Institut Pasteur, Unité Régulation Spatiale des Génomes, UMR3525 CNRS, Paris 75015, France.; Institut Pasteur, Unité Régulation Spatiale des Génomes, UMR3525 CNRS, Paris 75015, France.
Department of Computational Biology, University of Lausanne.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Departament d'Enginyeria Informàtica i Matemàtiques, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, MA.; Graduate Group in Genomics and Computational Biology Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.; School of Information Technology and Mathematical Sciences, University of South Australia, Adelaide, Australia.; Department of Computational Biology, University of Lausanne.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computational Biology, University of Lausanne.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, 4070 Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Computational Biology, University of Lausanne.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Integrative Biomedical Sciences, University of Cape Town, Cape Town, South Africa.
Department of Medicine, Integrated Cardio Metabolic Centre, Karolinska Institutet, Huddinge 14157, Sweden.; Department of Medicine, Integrated Cardio Metabolic Centre, Karolinska Institutet, Huddinge 14157, Sweden.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology School of Medicine.; Research Center for Computer-Aided Drug Discovery, Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology School of Medicine.; Drug Discovery Institute, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology School of Medicine.; Drug Discovery Institute, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology School of Medicine.; Drug Discovery Institute, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Research Group of Microbiology, Industry and Environment, Faculty of Basic Sciences, Universidad Santiago de Cali, Cali, Colombia.; Research Group of Genetic, Regeneration and Cancer, Faculty of Exacts and Natural Sciences, Universidad de Antioquia, Medellín, Colombia.; Research Group of Microbiology, Industry and Environment, Faculty of Basic Sciences, Universidad Santiago de Cali, Cali, Colombia.; Research Group of Chemical and Biotechnology, Faculty of Basic Sciences, Universidad Santiago de Cali, Cali, Colombia.; Research Group of Microbiology, Industry and Environment, Faculty of Basic Sciences, Universidad Santiago de Cali, Cali, Colombia.; Department of Public Health and Community Medicine, Universidad Icesi, Cali, Colombia.; Valle del Cauca Departmental Secretary of Health, Gobernación del Valle del Cauca, Cali, Colombia.
Quantitative and Computational Biology Program, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Quantitative and Computational Biology Program, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Quantitative and Computational Biology Program, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Biology Department, Clark University, Worcester, MA 01610, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Inflammatory Bowel and Immunobiology Research Institute, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA 90048, USA.; Quantitative and Computational Biology Program, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.; Biology Department, Clark University, Worcester, MA 01610, USA.
School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.
Laboratory of Signaling and Gene Regulation, Cecil H. and Ida Green Center for Reproductive Biology Sciences, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.; Laboratory of Signaling and Gene Regulation, Cecil H. and Ida Green Center for Reproductive Biology Sciences, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.; Laboratory of Signaling and Gene Regulation, Cecil H. and Ida Green Center for Reproductive Biology Sciences, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.; Department of Genetics and Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Laboratory of Signaling and Gene Regulation, Cecil H. and Ida Green Center for Reproductive Biology Sciences, The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.
Sorbonne Université, CNRS, IBPS, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative (LCQB), UMR 7238.; Sorbonne Université, CNRS, IBPS, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative (LCQB), UMR 7238.; Sorbonne Université, CNRS, Institut des Sciences du Calcul et des Données (ISCD).; Sorbonne Université, CNRS, IBPS, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative (LCQB), UMR 7238.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF1), Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; Sorbonne Université, CNRS, IBPS, Laboratoire de Biologie Computationnelle et Quantitative (LCQB), UMR 7238.; Institut Universitaire de France, Paris 75005, France.
Department of Informatics and Telecommunications, University of Athens, Athens 15703, Greece.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; Department of Medicine, Laboratory of Pharmacology, Democritus University of Thrace, Komotini, Greece.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; Department of Medicine, Laboratory of Pharmacology, Democritus University of Thrace, Komotini, Greece.; Department of Informatics and Telecommunications, University of Athens, Athens 15703, Greece.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Nicosia 2370, Cyprus.
MIT Computer Science and AI Lab, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; MIT Computer Science and AI Lab, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Bioinformatics and Computational Biology Graduate Program, Iowa State University, Ames, IA, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Iowa State University, Ames, IA, USA.; Corn Insects and Crop Genetics Research Unit, USDA-Agricultural Research Service, Ames, IA, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.
Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, School of Medicine.; Department of Bioengineering, Jacobs School of Engineering.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, School of Medicine.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, School of Medicine.; Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, School of Medicine.; Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, University of California, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Center for Computational Biology, Brown University, Providence, RI 02912, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.
Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849, USA.; Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics, Hangzhou Nuowei Information Technology, Hangzhou 310053, China.; Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Informatics, Korea University, Seoul 02841, Republic of Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Informatics, Korea University, Seoul 02841, Republic of Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Informatics, Korea University, Seoul 02841, Republic of Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Informatics, Korea University, Seoul 02841, Republic of Korea.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Informatics, Korea University, Seoul 02841, Republic of Korea.; Interdisciplinary Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, College of Informatics, Korea University, Seoul 02841, Republic of Korea.
School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 2B2, Canada.; MILA, Quebec AI Institute, Montreal, QC H2S 3H1, Canada.; School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 2B2, Canada.; MILA, Quebec AI Institute, Montreal, QC H2S 3H1, Canada.; School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, QC H3A 2B2, Canada.
Department of Computer Science.; Department of Mathematics, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8092, Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science.; Swiss Institute for Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; University Hospital Zurich, Zürich 8091, Switzerland.; Department of Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich 8093, Switzerland.; Center for Learning Systems, ETH Zürich Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science.; Swiss Institute for Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; University Hospital Zurich, Zürich 8091, Switzerland.
Department of Computer Science, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.; Department of Computer Science, The University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85721, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Mila, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Mila, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Mila, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Department of Medicine, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Medicine, Univerity of Montreal, Québec, Canada.
Department of Applied Mathematics, Computer Science and Statistics, Ghent University, Ghent 9000, Belgium.; Data Mining and Modeling for Biomedicine, VIB Center for Inflammation Research, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Centre International de recherche en Infectiologie, Université de Lyon, INSERM U1111, CNRS UMR 5308, Ecole Normale Supérieure de Lyon, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, 69007 Lyon, France.; Department of Applied Mathematics, Computer Science and Statistics, Ghent University, Ghent 9000, Belgium.; Data Mining and Modeling for Biomedicine, VIB Center for Inflammation Research, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Department of Applied Mathematics, Computer Science and Statistics, Ghent University, Ghent 9000, Belgium.; Data Mining and Modeling for Biomedicine, VIB Center for Inflammation Research, Ghent 9052, Belgium.; Department of Applied Mathematics, Computer Science and Statistics, Ghent University, Ghent 9000, Belgium.; Data Mining and Modeling for Biomedicine, VIB Center for Inflammation Research, Ghent 9052, Belgium.
Department of Biological Chemistry, The Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Givat Ram 91904, Israel.; Department of Biological Chemistry, The Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Givat Ram 91904, Israel.
Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030, USA.; Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.
Department of Statistics, Ecology and Evolution, Molecular Genetics & Cell Biology, Institute of Genomics and Systems Biology, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, Ecology and Evolution, Molecular Genetics & Cell Biology, Institute of Genomics and Systems Biology, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.; Departments of Statistics, Ecology and Evolution, Molecular Genetics & Cell Biology, Institute of Genomics and Systems Biology, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
CNRS, UMR 9189 - CRIStAL, Université de Lille, F-59000 Lille, France.; European Bioinformatics Institute, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK.; CEA, CNRS, Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell (I2BC), Université Paris-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette 91190, France.; CNRS, UMR 9189 - CRIStAL, Université de Lille, F-59000 Lille, France.; Institut Pasteur, CNRS, C3BI - USR 3756, 75015 Paris, France.
Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Department, University of California San Diego, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.; Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, University of California San Diego, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley 94720, CA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley 94720, CA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley 94720, CA, USA.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, ETH Zürich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Department of Surgery, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02114, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Surgery, Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02114, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, ETH Zürich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.
Center for Artificial Intelligence in Drug Discovery, School of Medicine, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Department of Population and Quantitative Health Sciences, School of Medicine, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Center for Artificial Intelligence in Drug Discovery, School of Medicine, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Center for Artificial Intelligence in Drug Discovery, School of Medicine, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.
Department of Aerospace Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbama, IL 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbama, IL 61801, USA.
Department of Biomolecular Engineering, University of California Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, Santa Cruz, CA 95060, USA.; Department of Biomolecular Engineering, University of California Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, Santa Cruz, CA 95060, USA.; Department of Biomolecular Engineering, University of California Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, Santa Cruz, CA 95060, USA.; Department of Biomolecular Engineering, University of California Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, Santa Cruz, CA 95060, USA.; Department of Biomolecular Engineering, University of California Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, Santa Cruz, CA 95060, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27516, USA.; Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27514, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD 20742, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.; Institute of Microbiology, Kiel University, Kiel 24118, Germany.; Department of Computer Science, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.
Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Machine Learning Lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Theoretical Biochemistry Group (TBI), Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, Vienna, Wien 1090, Austria.; Theoretical Biochemistry Group (TBI), Institute for Theoretical Chemistry, University of Vienna, Vienna, Wien 1090, Austria.; Bioinformatics Group AMIBio, LIX-Laboratoire d'Informatique d'École Polytechnique, IPP, Palaiseau 91120, France.; Bioinformatics Group, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Signalling Research Centres BIOSS and CIBSS, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79104, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA 02155, USA.
Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, D-BSSE, ETH Zurich, 4058 Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, D-BSSE, ETH Zurich, 4058 Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, D-BSSE, ETH Zurich, 4058 Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Applied Microbiology Research, Department of Biomedicine, University of Basel, 4051 Basel, Switzerland.; Division of Clinical Bacteriology and Mycology, University Hospital Basel, 4031 Basel, Switzerland.; Applied Microbiology Research, Department of Biomedicine, University of Basel, 4051 Basel, Switzerland.; Division of Clinical Bacteriology and Mycology, University Hospital Basel, 4031 Basel, Switzerland.; Machine Learning and Computational Biology Lab, D-BSSE, ETH Zurich, 4058 Basel, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.
School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, Quebec H3A 0G4, Canada.; School of Computer Science, McGill University, Montreal, Quebec H3A 0G4, Canada.
School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; International Research Training Group Computational Methods for the Analysis of the Diversity and Dynamics of Genomes and Genome Informatics, Faculty of Technology and Center for Biotechnology, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, Germany.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; Department of Urologic Sciences, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada.; School of Computing Science, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.; Vancouver Prostate Centre, Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Computational Diagnostics Lab, Departments of Radiology and Pathology, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; SenseBrain Research, CA 95131, USA.; Computational Diagnostics Lab, Departments of Radiology and Pathology, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Department of Bioengineering, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.; Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.; Department of Mathematics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an 710072, China.; Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an 710072, China.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an 710072, China.; Department of intelligent science and technology, School of Automation, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an 710072, China.; Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
Baidu Research, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR 97330, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR 97330, USA.; Department of Biochemistry & Biophysics, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 48306, USA.; Center for RNA Biology, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 48306, USA.; Department of Biostatistics & Computational Biology, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester, NY 48306, USA.; Baidu Research, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, USA.; School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR 97330, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook 11794, NY, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook 11794, NY, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of Maryland, College Park 20742, MD, USA.; Computer Science Department, University of Maryland, College Park 20742, MD, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.
Research School of Computer Science, College of Engineering and Computer Science, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 0200, Australia.; Research School of Computer Science, College of Engineering and Computer Science, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 0200, Australia.; Department of Information Systems and Analytics, School of Computing, National University of Singapore, Singapore 117417, Singapore.; Research School of Computer Science, College of Engineering and Computer Science, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 0200, Australia.
Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka 820-8502, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka 820-8502, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics, Faculty of Computer Science and Systems Engineering, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Iizuka, Fukuoka 820-8502, Japan.
Helmholtz Zentrum München, Institute of Computational Biology, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Technical University Munich, Garching 85748, Germany.; Helmholtz Zentrum München, Institute of Computational Biology, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Chair of Mathematical Modeling of Biological Systems, Technical University Munich, Garching 85748, Germany.; Research Unit Biomathematics, University of Bonn, Bonn 53113, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.
Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse (CRCT), Toulouse 31037, France.; University Paul Sabatier III, Toulouse 31330, France.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Barcelona 08034, Spain.; ICREA, Pg. Lluís Companys 23, Barcelona 08010, Spain.; Coordination Node, Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute, ELIXIR-Spain (INB, ELIXIR-ES), Madrid 28029, Spain.; Department of Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, London WC1E 6BT, UK.; ICREA, Pg. Lluís Companys 23, Barcelona 08010, Spain.
Computer Science Department, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin 10099, Germany.; Group Mathematical Modelling of Cellular Processes, Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association, Berlin 13125, Germany.; Group Mathematical Modelling of Cellular Processes, Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association, Berlin 13125, Germany.; Group Mathematical Modelling of Cellular Processes, Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association, Berlin 13125, Germany.; Group Mathematical Modelling of Cellular Processes, Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association, Berlin 13125, Germany.; Computer Science Department, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Berlin 10099, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC 27695, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Biology, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.
International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore, Bangalore 560100, India.; International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore, Bangalore 560100, India.; International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore, Bangalore 560100, India.; International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore, Bangalore 560100, India.
Department of computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon-University of Pittsburgh Ph.D. Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Joint Carnegie Mellon-University of Pittsburgh Ph.D. Program in Computational Biology, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Pharmacology and Chemical Biology, UPMC Hillman Cancer Center, Magee-Womens Research Institute, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of computational Biology, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, Saint Petersburg State University, Saint Petersburg 199034, Russia.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, University of California, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.; Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, Saint Petersburg State University, Saint Petersburg 199034, Russia.; UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute, University of California, Santa Cruz, CA, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.
Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Institute for Surgical Pathology, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Institute for Surgical Pathology, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Institute for Surgical Pathology, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Institute for Surgical Pathology, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Tumorbank Comprehensive Cancer Center Freiburg, Medical Center - University of Freiburg.; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK) and Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 79106 Freiburg, Germany.; Institute for Surgical Pathology, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.; Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, 79110 Freiburg, Germany.; Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Auburn University, Auburn, AL 36849, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Hanyang University, Seongdong-gu, Seoul 04763, Republic of Korea.; Department of Computer Science, Hanyang University, Seongdong-gu, Seoul 04763, Republic of Korea.
Institut für Pathologie, Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt University, Berlin, Germany.; Berlin Institute of Health, Berlin, Germany.; Institut für Pathologie, Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, Germany.; IRI Life Sciences, Humboldt University, Berlin, Germany.; Berlin Institute of Health, Berlin, Germany.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Bioinformatics Unit (MF1), Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; CAPES Foundation, Ministry of Education of Brazil, Brasília 70040-020, Brazil.; Data Analytics and Computational Statistics, Hasso Plattner Insititute, Digital Engineering Faculty, University of Potsdam, Potsdam 14482, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, Berlin 14195, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, Berlin 14195, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Freie Universität Berlin, Berlin 14195, Germany.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF1), Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; Data Analytics and Computational Statistics, Hasso Plattner Insititute, Digital Engineering Faculty, University of Potsdam, Potsdam 14482, Germany.
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.; TEES-AgriLife Center for Bioinformatics and Genomic Systems Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering.; TEES-AgriLife Center for Bioinformatics and Genomic Systems Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX 77843, USA.
Computer Engineering Department, Bilkent University, Bilkent, Ankara 06800, Turkey.; Computer Engineering Department, Bilkent University, Bilkent, Ankara 06800, Turkey.; Department of Computer and Data Sciences, Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH 44106, USA.; Computer Engineering Department, Bilkent University, Bilkent, Ankara 06800, Turkey.
MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, BNRIST Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15224, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15224, USA.; University of Michigan-Shanghai Jiao Tong University Joint Institute, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; Department of Biochemistry and Computer Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IA 47907, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15224, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, UPMC Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15224, USA.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, BNRIST Bioinformatics Division, Department of Automation, Tsinghua University, Beijing 100084, China.; Department of Medicine, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Program in Molecular Biophysics, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Department of Computer Science, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA 22030, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Mathematical Institute for Data Science, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Program in Molecular Biophysics, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21218, USA.
Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, University College London, London, WC1E 6BT, UK.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computational Biology, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, University College London, London, WC1E 6BT, UK.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computational Biology, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, London, WC1E 6BT, UK.; Centre for Integrative Genomics, University of Lausanne, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.
Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561 Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561 Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561 Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Chiba 277-8561 Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo135-0064, Japan.
Department of Computer Science (DIRO), Université de Montréal, Québec H3C 3J7, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford, MA02155, USA.; Department of Immunology, Tufts University School of Medicine, Boston, MA 02111, USA.
Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.; Blue Brain Project (BBP), École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Campus Biotech, 1202 Geneva, Switzerland.
Key Laboratory of Southwest China Wildlife Resources Conservation (Ministry of Education), China West Normal University, Nanchong, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Key Laboratory of Southwest China Wildlife Resources Conservation (Ministry of Education), China West Normal University, Nanchong, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Key Laboratory of Southwest China Wildlife Resources Conservation (Ministry of Education), China West Normal University, Nanchong, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Gonggashan National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Liziping National Nature Reserve, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Research Center of Giant Panda Small Populaion Conservation and Rejuvenation, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Shimian Agricultural and Rural Bureau, Shimian, Sichuan, China.; Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing, Jiangsu, China.; Key Laboratory of Southwest China Wildlife Resources Conservation (Ministry of Education), China West Normal University, Nanchong, Sichuan, China.; Sichuan Academy of Giant Panda, Chengdu, Sichuan, China.; Chengdu Institute of Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chengdu, Sichuan, China.
Department of Mathematical Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Harvard University, Boston, MA, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, Suzhou, China.; Institute of Integrative Biology, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.
Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.
Medical statistics, Department of Biomedical Data Science, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Medical statistics, Department of Biomedical Data Science, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Medical statistics, Department of Biomedical Data Science, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Medical statistics, Department of Biomedical Data Science, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.
Department of Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; College of Medical Informatics, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota, USA.; Department of Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; College of Medical Informatics, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Department of Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Department of Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Department of Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.; Department of Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Institute of Neuroscience and the Collaborative Innovation Center for Brain Science, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing Key Laboratory of Neurobiology, Chongqing, China.
Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden.; Computational Cell Maps, Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Center Munich, Ingolstädter Landstr. 1, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.; Computational Cell Maps, Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Center Munich, Ingolstädter Landstr. 1, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.; Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm Bioinformatics Center, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Box 1031, 17121 Solna, Sweden.
College of Food Science, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Food Science, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Food Science, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Food Science, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Food Science, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.
Translational Bioinformatics Unit, Department of Biochemistry, Federal University Oye-Ekiti, Oye-Ekiti, Nigeria.; Translational Bioinformatics Unit, Department of Biochemistry, Federal University Oye-Ekiti, Oye-Ekiti, Nigeria.; Department of Pharmaceutical and Medicinal Chemistry, University of Uyo, Uyo, Nigeria.; Department of Chemistry, Tennessee State University, Nashville, TN, USA.; Department of Chemistry, Federal University Oye-Ekiti, Oye-Ekiti, Nigeria.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX, USA.
Universidad de Santander, Faculty of Health Sciences, Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Bucaramanga, Colombia.; Centro de Bioinformática Simulación y Modelado (CBSM), School of Bioinformatic, Universidad de Talca, Talca, Chile.; E3T, School of Engineering, Universidad Industrial de Santander (UIS), Bucaramanga, Colombia.; Universidad de Santander, Faculty of Health Sciences, Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Bucaramanga, Colombia.; Universidad de Santander, Faculty of Health Sciences, Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Bucaramanga, Colombia.; Universidad de Santander, Faculty of Health Sciences, Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Bucaramanga, Colombia.; Universidad de Santander, Faculty of Health Sciences, Laboratory of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Bucaramanga, Colombia.
Institute of Biomedicine, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio 70210, Finland.; Department of Chemical, Materials and Industrial Engineering, University of Naples 'Federico II', Naples 80125, Italy.; Institute of Biomedicine, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio 70210, Finland.; Blueprint Genetics Ltd, Finland.; Institute of Biomedicine, University of Eastern Finland, Kuopio 70210, Finland.; Blueprint Genetics Ltd, Finland.
Systems Biology, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Systems Biology, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Systems Biology, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Systems Biology, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona 08002, Spain.; ICREA, Barcelona 08010, Spain.; Systems Biology, Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute for Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.
Departamento de Ingeniería y Tecnología de Computadores, Universidad de Murcia, Murcia 30080, Spain.; Departamento de Ingeniería y Tecnología de Computadores, Universidad de Murcia, Murcia 30080, Spain.; Departamento de Ingeniería y Tecnología de Computadores, Universidad de Murcia, Murcia 30080, Spain.
China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China. Electronic address: junyu@big.ac.cn.
(1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (3)Laboratory of RNA, Chromatin, and Human Disease, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (4)Guangzhou Regenerative Medicine and Health Guangdong Laboratory (GRMH-GDL), Guangzhou 510005, China.; (1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (3)Laboratory of RNA, Chromatin, and Human Disease, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (4)Guangzhou Regenerative Medicine and Health Guangdong Laboratory (GRMH-GDL), Guangzhou 510005, China.; (1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (3)Laboratory of RNA, Chromatin, and Human Disease, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (4)Guangzhou Regenerative Medicine and Health Guangdong Laboratory (GRMH-GDL), Guangzhou 510005, China.; (1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (3)Laboratory of RNA, Chromatin, and Human Disease, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (4)Guangzhou Regenerative Medicine and Health Guangdong Laboratory (GRMH-GDL), Guangzhou 510005, China.; (1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (3)Laboratory of RNA, Chromatin, and Human Disease, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (5)Laboratory of Metabolism and Cell Fate, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China.; (1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (3)Laboratory of RNA, Chromatin, and Human Disease, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (4)Guangzhou Regenerative Medicine and Health Guangdong Laboratory (GRMH-GDL), Guangzhou 510005, China; (6)Institute for Stem Cells and Regeneration, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: miguel@gibh.ac.cn.; (1)Joint School of Life Sciences, Guangzhou Medical University and Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Guangzhou 511436, China; (2)Key Laboratory of Regenerative Biology and Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China; (4)Guangzhou Regenerative Medicine and Health Guangdong Laboratory (GRMH-GDL), Guangzhou 510005, China; (7)Laboratory of RNA Molecular Biology, Guangzhou Institutes of Biomedicine and Health, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou 510530, China. Electronic address: bao_xichen@gibh.ac.cn.
(1)College of Big Data and Internet, Shenzhen Technology University, Shenzhen 518118, China; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China.; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China.; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China.; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China.; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China.; (1)College of Big Data and Internet, Shenzhen Technology University, Shenzhen 518118, China.; (3)Department of Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine In Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University, Hefei 230022, China.; (4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital and Fujian Cancer Hospital, Fuzhou 350014, China.; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China.; (1)College of Big Data and Internet, Shenzhen Technology University, Shenzhen 518118, China; (2)Department of Research and Development, Sinotech Genomics Inc., Kanxing Road 3399, Shanghai 201314, China; Institute of Synthetic Biology, Shenzhen Institute of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of Science, Shenzhen 518005, China. Electronic address: huangbingding@sztu.edu.cn.
(1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; (1)Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; (2)Huazhong University of Science and Technology Ezhou Industrial Technology Research Institute, Ezhou 436044, China. Electronic address: xueyu@hust.edu.cn.
Key Laboratory of Elemene Class Anti-cancer Chinese Medicine of Zhejiang Province, School of Medicine, Hangzhou Normal University, Hangzhou, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.; Key Laboratory of Elemene Class Anti-cancer Chinese Medicine of Zhejiang Province, School of Medicine, Hangzhou Normal University, Hangzhou, China.; Key Laboratory of Elemene Class Anti-cancer Chinese Medicine of Zhejiang Province, School of Medicine, Hangzhou Normal University, Hangzhou, China.; Key Laboratory of Elemene Class Anti-cancer Chinese Medicine of Zhejiang Province, School of Medicine, Hangzhou Normal University, Hangzhou, China.; College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.
Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau, Taipa, Macau S.A.R, China.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau, Taipa, Macau S.A.R, China.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau, Taipa, Macau S.A.R, China.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau, Taipa, Macau S.A.R, China.; Key Laboratory of Symbolic Computation and Knowledge Engineering of the Ministry of Education, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau, Taipa, Macau S.A.R, China.
Centro de Genômica e Biologia de Sistemas, Universidade Federal do Pará, Belém, Brazil.; Laboratório de Engenharia Biológica, Espaço Inovação, Parque de Ciência e Tecnologia Guamá, Belém, Brazil.; Centro de Genômica e Biologia de Sistemas, Universidade Federal do Pará, Belém, Brazil.; Centro de Genômica e Biologia de Sistemas, Universidade Federal do Pará, Belém, Brazil.; Laboratório de Engenharia Biológica, Espaço Inovação, Parque de Ciência e Tecnologia Guamá, Belém, Brazil.; Instituto de Ciências Biológicas e Naturais, Universidade Federal do Triângulo Mineiro, Uberaba, Brazil.; Centro de Genômica e Biologia de Sistemas, Universidade Federal do Pará, Belém, Brazil.; Laboratório de Engenharia Biológica, Espaço Inovação, Parque de Ciência e Tecnologia Guamá, Belém, Brazil.
Bioinformatics Research Group, University of the Western Cape, Cape Town 7535, South Africa.; Bioinformatics Research Group, University of the Western Cape, Cape Town 7535, South Africa.; Biotechnology Department, University of the Western Cape, Cape Town 7535, South Africa.; Bioinformatics Research Group, University of the Western Cape, Cape Town 7535, South Africa.
Center for Algorithmic Biotechnology, Institute of Translational Biomedicine, Saint Petersburg State University, Saint Petersburg 199034, Russia.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, University of California, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, San Diego, CA 92093, USA.
Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Belfast-Manchester Movember Centre of Excellence, Cancer Research UK Manchester Institute, The University of Manchester, Alderley Park SK10 4TG, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.; Movember FASTMAN Centre of Excellence, Patrick G Johnston Centre for Cancer Research, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences, Queen's University Belfast, Belfast BT9 7AE, UK.
Lanzhou University.; Lanzhou University.; University of Connecticut.; Lanzhou University.; Rutgers University.; Lanzhou University.
Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Fujian Cancer Hospital and Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital, Fujian Province, China.
Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Genetic Immunology laboratory, Institute for Maternal and Child Health-IRCCS, Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Instituto Federal de Pernambuco, Pesqueira, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Genetic Immunology laboratory, Institute for Maternal and Child Health-IRCCS, Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; Department of Medicine, Surgery and Health Sciences, University of Trieste, Trieste, Italy.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.
Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Genetic Immunology laboratory, Institute for Maternal and Child Health-IRCCS, Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Instituto Federal de Pernambuco, Pesqueira, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.; Genetic Immunology laboratory, Institute for Maternal and Child Health-IRCCS, Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; Department of Medicine, Surgery and Health Sciences, University of Trieste, Trieste, Italy.; Departamento de Genética, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco, Recife, Brazil.
CAS Key Laboratory of Tropical Plant Resources and Sustainable Use, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Mengla, China.; College of Life Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Tropical Plant Resources and Sustainable Use, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Mengla, China.; Center of Economic Botany, Core Botanical Gardens, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Mengla, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Tropical Plant Resources and Sustainable Use, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Mengla, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Tropical Plant Resources and Sustainable Use, Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, The Innovative Academy of Seed Design, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Bio-Resources in Yunnan, Yunnan University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.
Department of Hepatobiliary Pancreatic Surgery, Hwa Mei Hospital, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Ningbo Institute of Life and Health Industry, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Key Laboratory of Diagnosis and Treatment of Digestive System Tumors of Zhejiang Province, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Hepatobiliary Pancreatic Surgery, Hwa Mei Hospital, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Ningbo Institute of Life and Health Industry, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Key Laboratory of Diagnosis and Treatment of Digestive System Tumors of Zhejiang Province, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Hepatobiliary Pancreatic Surgery, Hwa Mei Hospital, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Ningbo Institute of Life and Health Industry, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Key Laboratory of Diagnosis and Treatment of Digestive System Tumors of Zhejiang Province, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Hepatobiliary Pancreatic Surgery, Hwa Mei Hospital, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Ningbo Institute of Life and Health Industry, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Key Laboratory of Diagnosis and Treatment of Digestive System Tumors of Zhejiang Province, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Hepatobiliary Pancreatic Surgery, Hwa Mei Hospital, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Ningbo Institute of Life and Health Industry, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Key Laboratory of Diagnosis and Treatment of Digestive System Tumors of Zhejiang Province, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Department of Hepatobiliary Pancreatic Surgery, Hwa Mei Hospital, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Ningbo Institute of Life and Health Industry, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.; Key Laboratory of Diagnosis and Treatment of Digestive System Tumors of Zhejiang Province, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China.
Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of General Surgery, Fuzhou Second Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, Fuzhou 350007, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, Key Laboratory of Ministry of Education for Gastrointestinal Cancer, The School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350122, China.; Key Laboratory of Medical Bioinformatics, Fujian Province, Fuzhou 350122, China.
Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Cancer Program, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, 02142 MA, USA.; Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Cancer Program, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, 02142 MA, USA.; Harvard Graduate Program in Biophysics, Harvard Graduate Program in Biophysics, Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, Boston, 02115 MA, USA.; Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Cancer Program, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, 02142 MA, USA.; Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA.; Cancer Program, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, 02142 MA, USA.
Computational Biology, Institute of Biochemical Engineering, University of Stuttgart, Stuttgart 70569, Germany.; Genetics and Experimental Bioinformatics, Institute of Biology III, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79104, Germany.; Genetics and Experimental Bioinformatics, Institute of Biology III, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79104, Germany.; Bioinformatics, Institute of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Genetics and Experimental Bioinformatics, Institute of Biology III, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79104, Germany.; Computational Biology, Institute of Biochemical Engineering, University of Stuttgart, Stuttgart 70569, Germany.
Université de Paris, T3S, Inserm UMR-S1124.; Université de Paris, T3S, Inserm UMR-S1124.; Université de Paris, SPPIN CNRS UMR 8003, Paris F-75006, France.; Université de Paris, T3S, Inserm UMR-S1124.; Department of Environmental Medicine, Institute of Public Health, University of Southern Denmark, 5000 Odense C, Denmark.; Université de Paris, T3S, Inserm UMR-S1124.; Université de Paris, T3S, Inserm UMR-S1124.
Department of Training, Research and Innovation, University Center for Primary Care and Public Health, Lausanne 1010, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Department of Training, Research and Innovation, University Center for Primary Care and Public Health, Lausanne 1010, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.
Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel 24105, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel 24105, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel 24105, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics and Statistics, Kiel University, University Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Kiel 24105, Germany.
Software Engineering Program, Department of Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Software Engineering Program, Department of Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Department of Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.
Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Department of Statistics, Harvard University, 1 Oxford Street, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA.; Department of Statistics, Harvard University, 1 Oxford Street, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA.; Department of Statistics, Harvard University, 1 Oxford Street, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA.
Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Division of Hematology, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.
Sciome LLC, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.; Sciome LLC, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.; Sciome LLC, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.; Division of the National Toxicology Program, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.; Division of the National Toxicology Program, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.; Division of Toxicology, Leiden Academic Centre for Drug Research (LACDR), Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Division of Toxicology, Leiden Academic Centre for Drug Research (LACDR), Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands.; KaLy-Cell, Plobsheim, France.; KaLy-Cell, Plobsheim, France.; KaLy-Cell, Plobsheim, France.; Division of Toxicology, Leiden Academic Centre for Drug Research (LACDR), Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Sciome LLC, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.; Division of the National Toxicology Program, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Research Triangle Park, NC, USA.
Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Biomathematics and Biostatistics-LR16IPT09, Institut Pasteur de Tunis, University of Tunis El Manar (UTM), Tunis, Tunisia.; Faculty of Science of Bizerte, University of Carthage, Jarzouna, Tunisia.; Queens Research Institute, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK.; Malawi-Liverpool-Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Programme, Blantyre, Malawi.; Malawi-Liverpool-Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Programme, Blantyre, Malawi.; Departement of Clinical Infection, Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Infection and Global Health, University of Liverpool, Liverpool, UK.; Laboratory of Molecular Epidemiology and Experimental Pathology-LR16IPT04, Institut Pasteur de Tunis, Université de Tunis El Manar, Tunis, Tunisia.; Queens Research Institute, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, UK.; Malawi-Liverpool-Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Programme, Blantyre, Malawi.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Biomathematics and Biostatistics-LR16IPT09, Institut Pasteur de Tunis, University of Tunis El Manar (UTM), Tunis, Tunisia.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Biomathematics and Biostatistics-LR16IPT09, Institut Pasteur de Tunis, University of Tunis El Manar (UTM), Tunis, Tunisia.; Institut Supérieur des Technologies Médicales de Tunis, Université de Tunis El Manar, Tunis, Tunisia.
Department of Gastroenterology, Qingdao Eighth People's Hospital, Qingdao, China.; Intensive Care Unit, Qingdao Municipal Hospital, Qingdao, China.; Department of Respiratory Medicine, Qingdao Eighth People's Hospital, Qingdao, China.; Department of Endocrinology, Qingdao Eighth People's Hospital, Qingdao, China.; Department of Ultrasound, Qingdao Municipal Hospital, Qingdao, China.; Department of Urology, Qingdao Municipal Hospital, Qingdao, China.; Department of Surgery, Shanghai Fourth People's Hospital Affiliated to Tongji University, Shanghai, China.
Department of Gastroenterology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.; Computational Biology and Medical Ecology Lab, State Key Laboratory of Genetic Resources and Evolution, Kunming Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; Kunming College of Life Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.; Computational Biology and Medical Ecology Lab, State Key Laboratory of Genetic Resources and Evolution, Kunming Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; Kunming College of Life Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; Department of General Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.; Computational Biology and Medical Ecology Lab, State Key Laboratory of Genetic Resources and Evolution, Kunming Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; Kunming College of Life Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming, China.; College of Mathematics, Honghe University, Mengzi, China.; Faculty of Science, Kunming University of Science and Technology, Kunming, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Yunnan Institute of Digestive Disease, Kunming, China.
AgriBio Centre for AgriBioscience, Department of Animal, Plant and Soil Sciences, School of Life Sciences, La Trobe University, Bundoora, Victoria, Australia.; AgriBio Centre for AgriBioscience, Department of Animal, Plant and Soil Sciences, School of Life Sciences, La Trobe University, Bundoora, Victoria, Australia.; AgriBio Centre for AgriBioscience, Department of Animal, Plant and Soil Sciences, School of Life Sciences, La Trobe University, Bundoora, Victoria, Australia.; AgriBio Centre for AgriBioscience, Department of Animal, Plant and Soil Sciences, School of Life Sciences, La Trobe University, Bundoora, Victoria, Australia.
Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Bonn-Aachen International Center for Information Technology (B-IT), University of Bonn, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Causality Biomodels, KINFRA Hi-Tech Park, Cochin, Kerala 683503, India.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Bonn-Aachen International Center for Information Technology (B-IT), University of Bonn, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Bonn-Aachen International Center for Information Technology (B-IT), University of Bonn, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Bonn-Aachen International Center for Information Technology (B-IT), University of Bonn, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Bonn-Aachen International Center for Information Technology (B-IT), University of Bonn, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing (SCAI), 53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Bonn-Aachen International Center for Information Technology (B-IT), University of Bonn, 53113 Bonn, Germany.
Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.; Bioscience Division, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, NM 87545, USA.
Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw 02-106, Poland.; Faculty of Mathematics and Information Science, Warsaw University of Technology, Warsaw 00-662, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw 02-106, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw 02-106, Poland.; Faculty of Chemistry, Biological and Chemical Research Center, University of Warsaw, Warsaw 02-093, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw 02-106, Poland.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw 02-106, Poland.
Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Bioinova Research Center, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Bioinova Research Center, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Bioinova Research Center, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Bioinova Research Center, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Bioinova Research Center, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Therapeutic Chemistry Laboratory, Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Parasitology and Mycology Department, Military Hospital Mohammed V, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Emergency Department, Military Hospital Mohammed V, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.; Medical Biotechnology Laboratory (MedBiotech), Bioinova Research Center, Rabat Medical & Pharmacy School, Mohammed Vth University in Rabat, Rabat, Morocco.
Department of Information Sciences, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Information Sciences, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Food Science & Human Nutrition, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Agricultural & Biological Engineering, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Beckman Institute, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL, USA.
Department of Biomedical Engineering, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing 211106, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Medicine, Department of Histology and Embryology, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing 211166, China; Center of Pathology and Clinical Laboratory, Sir Run Run Hospital, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing 211166, China.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing 211106, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Medicine, Department of Histology and Embryology, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing 211166, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Medicine, Department of Histology and Embryology, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing 211166, China.; College of Automation Engineering, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing 211106, China.; State Key Laboratory of Reproductive Medicine, Department of Histology and Embryology, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing 211166, China. Electronic address: guo_xuejiang@njmu.edu.cn.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Nanjing 211106, China. Electronic address: xfsong@nuaa.edu.cn.
Department of Crop Genomics and Bioinformatics, College of Agronomy and Biotechnology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Rice Research Institute, Guangdong Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Guangzhou 510640, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: songshh@big.ac.cn.; Department of Crop Genomics and Bioinformatics, College of Agronomy and Biotechnology, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China. Electronic address: xwang@cau.edu.cn.
School of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC 3010, Australia. Electronic address: qingyu.chen@unimelb.edu.au.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Maryland, Baltimore, MD 21250, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, IL 60607, USA.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; European Molecular Biology Laboratory, European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI), Wellcome Trust Genome Campus, Cambridge CB10 1SD, UK.; Japan Science and Technology Agency, National Bioscience Database Center, Tokyo 102-8666, Japan; National Institute of Health Sciences, Tokyo 158-8501, Japan.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland; Department of Ecology and Evolution, University of Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Nebion AG, 8048 Zurich, Switzerland.; School of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC 3010, Australia. Electronic address: jzobel@unimelb.edu.au.; School of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC 3010, Australia. Electronic address: karin.verspoor@unimelb.edu.au.
CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China; State Key Laboratory of Integrated Management of Pest Insects and Rodents, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: husn@im.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: haolili@big.ac.cn.; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: zhangzhang@big.ac.cn.
Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; Clinical Center of Human Genomic Research, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430022, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. Electronic address: guoay@hust.edu.cn.
Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; School of Life Sciences, Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou 450001, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, Hubei Bioinformatics and Molecular Imaging Key Laboratory, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China; Huazhong University of Science and Technology Ezhou Industrial Technology Research Institute, Ezhou 436044, China. Electronic address: xueyu@hust.edu.cn.
Department of Biology at the Howard University, 415 College St. NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Department of Biology at the Howard University, 415 College St. NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Department of Biology at the Howard University, 415 College St. NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Howard University College of Medicine, 520 W Street NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Howard University College of Medicine, 520 W Street NW, Washington, DC 20059.
Department of Chemical Science Education, Sunchon National University, Suncheon 57922, Republic of Korea.; Pharmaceutical Discovery Research Laboratories, Teijin Pharma Limited, Tokyo 191-8512, Japan.; Cellular and Molecular Biotechnology Research Institute, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Cellular and Molecular Biotechnology Research Institute, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Department of Biological Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47906, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47906, USA.; Center for Cancer Research, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN 47906, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Care, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH 45229, USA.
School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Pudong, 201210 Shanghai, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Pudong, 201210 Shanghai, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Pudong, 201210 Shanghai, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Pudong, 201210 Shanghai, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Pudong, 201210 Shanghai, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Pudong, 201210 Shanghai, China.
ESAT-STADIUS, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; ESAT-STADIUS, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; ESAT-STADIUS, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Medical Sciences, University of Torino, Torino, 10123 Italy.; Department of Human Genetics, KU Leuven, Leuven, 3001 Belgium.; ESAT-STADIUS, KU Leuven, 3001 Leuven, Belgium.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, Instituto de Parasitología y Biomedicina López Neyra, CSIC, PTS Granada, Avda. del Conocimiento, 17, 18016 Armilla, Granada, Spain.; Life Sciences Department, International Iberian Nanotechnology Laboratory, Av. Mestre José Veiga, 4715-330 Braga, Portugal.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, Instituto de Parasitología y Biomedicina López Neyra, CSIC, PTS Granada, Avda. del Conocimiento, 17, 18016 Armilla, Granada, Spain.
VIB-UAntwerp Center for Molecular Neurology, 2610 Antwerp, Belgium.; VIB-UAntwerp Center for Molecular Neurology, 2610 Antwerp, Belgium.; VIB-UAntwerp Center for Molecular Neurology, 2610 Antwerp, Belgium.
Institut de Biologia Evolutiva (UPF-CSIC), Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Doctor Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.; Institut de Biologia Evolutiva (UPF-CSIC), Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Doctor Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.; Institut de Biologia Evolutiva (UPF-CSIC), Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Doctor Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.; Institut de Biologia Evolutiva (UPF-CSIC), Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Doctor Aiguader 88, 08003 Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Olivia Newton-John Cancer Research Institute, Heidelberg, Victoria 3084, Australia.; Olivia Newton-John Cancer Research Institute, Heidelberg, Victoria 3084, Australia.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; Mathematical and Statistical Institute, Northeast Normal University, Changchun 130024, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.; Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia 08005, Spain.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia 08005, Spain.; Centre for Molecular Medicine and Therapeutics, BC Children's Hospital Research Institute, Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4H4, Canada.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia 08005, Spain.; Laboratory of Protein Design & Immunoengineering, School of Engineering, Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1015, Vaud, Switzerland.; Department of Biosciences, U Science Tech, Universitat de Vic-Universitat Central de Catalunya, Vic, Catalonia 08500, Spain.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia 08005, Spain.
CSIRO Land & Water, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; CSIRO Land & Water, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; School of Natural Sciences, University of Tasmania, Hobart, TAS 7001, Australia.
Institute of Applied Simulation, School of Life Sciences and Facility Management, Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW), CH-8820 Wädenswil, Switzerland.; Institute of Applied Simulation, School of Life Sciences and Facility Management, Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW), CH-8820 Wädenswil, Switzerland.; Institute of Applied Simulation, School of Life Sciences and Facility Management, Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW), CH-8820 Wädenswil, Switzerland.; Institute of Applied Simulation, School of Life Sciences and Facility Management, Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW), CH-8820 Wädenswil, Switzerland.
Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 115, Taiwan.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 115, Taiwan.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 115, Taiwan.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 115, Taiwan.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 115, Taiwan.
Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health and Health Sciences, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health and Health Sciences, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health and Health Sciences, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003, USA.
Applied Artificial Intelligence Institute, Deakin University, 75 Pigdons Rd, WaurnPonds VIC 3216, Geelong, Australia.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Carrer del Dr.Aiguader, 88, 08003, Barcelona, Spain.
Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel, DE 24105 Kiel, Germany.; Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel, DE 24105 Kiel, Germany.; School of Medical Sciences, Faculty of Medicine and Health, Örebro University, SE 70182 Örebro, Sweden.; Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel, DE 24105 Kiel, Germany.; Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel, DE 24105 Kiel, Germany.; School of Medical Sciences, Faculty of Medicine and Health, Örebro University, SE 70182 Örebro, Sweden.; Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel, DE 24105 Kiel, Germany.; Institute of Clinical Molecular Biology, Christian-Albrechts-University of Kiel, DE 24105 Kiel, Germany.
Univ Rennes, CNRS, Inria, IRISA-UMR 6074, F-35000 Rennes, France.; Univ. Lille, CNRS, UMR 9189 - CRIStAL, 59655 Villeneuve-d'Ascq, France.; Normandie Université, UNIROUEN, INSA Rouen, LITIS, 76000 Rouen, France.; Univ Rennes, CNRS, Inria, IRISA-UMR 6074, F-35000 Rennes, France.; Normandie Univ, UNIROUEN, LITIS, 76000 Rouen, France.; Normandie Univ, UNIROUEN, LITIS, 76000 Rouen, France.; Univ Rennes, CNRS, Inria, IRISA-UMR 6074, F-35000 Rennes, France.; Univ. Lille, CNRS, UMR 9189 - CRIStAL, 59655 Villeneuve-d'Ascq, France.
Department of Biochemistry and Functional Genomics, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, J1K 2R1, Canada.; Department of Chemical & Biotechnological Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, J1K 2R1, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Functional Genomics, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, J1K 2R1, Canada.
CoBIUS lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, 2500 Boulevard de l'Université, Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; CoBIUS lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, 2500 Boulevard de l'Université, Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; CoBIUS lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, 2500 Boulevard de l'Université, Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; CoBIUS lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, 2500 Boulevard de l'Université, Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; CoBIUS lab, Department of Computer Science, University of Sherbrooke, 2500 Boulevard de l'Université, Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.
Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.
Institute for Integrative Systems Biology (I2SysBio), Universitat de València/CSIC, Paterna (València) 46980, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; VIB - UGent Center for Medical Biotechnology, VIB, Ghent 9000, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; Institute for Integrative Systems Biology (I2SysBio), Universitat de València/CSIC, Paterna (València) 46980, Spain.; Institute for Integrative Systems Biology (I2SysBio), Universitat de València/CSIC, Paterna (València) 46980, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.
Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Key Laboratory for Environment and Health, School of Public Health, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, 13 Hangkong Rd, Wuhan, Hubei 430030, China.; Centre for Computational Biology, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Centre for Computational Biology, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Singapore MIT Alliance, 4 Engineering Dr 3, Singapore 117576, Singapore.; Centre for Computational Biology, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Department of General Surgery, Gleneagles Medical Centre, 6A Napier Rd, Singapore 258500, Singapore.; Department of Upper Gastrointestinal & Bariatric Surgery, Singapore General Hospital, 1 Hospital Dr, Singapore 169608, Singapore.; Department of Upper Gastrointestinal & Bariatric Surgery, Singapore General Hospital, 1 Hospital Dr, Singapore 169608, Singapore.; Division of Surgical Oncology, National Cancer Center Singapore, 11 Hospital Dr, Singapore 169610, Singapore.; Department of HPB and Transplant, Singapore General Hospital, 1 Hospital Dr, Singapore 169608, Singapore.; Clinical, Academic & Faculty Affairs, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Department of General Surgery, Singapore General Hospital, 1 Hospital Dr, Singapore 169608, Singapore.; General Surgery, Mount Elizabeth Medical Center, 3 Mount Elizabeth, Singapore 228510, Singapore.; Division of Surgical Oncology, National Cancer Center Singapore, 11 Hospital Dr, Singapore 169610, Singapore.; Clinical, Academic & Faculty Affairs, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National University of Singapore, 21 Lower Kent Ridge Rd, Singapore 119077, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Centre for Computational Biology, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.; Cancer & Stem Cell Biology Programme, Duke-NUS Medical School, 8 College Rd, Singapore 169857, Singapore.
Université Paris-Saclay, CEA, CNRS, Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule (I2BC), 91198, Gif-sur-Yvette, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, INRAE, CNRS, Génétique Quantitative et Évolution Le Moulon, 91400, Orsay, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, INRAE, CNRS, Génétique Quantitative et Évolution Le Moulon, 91400, Orsay, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, CEA, CNRS, Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule (I2BC), 91198, Gif-sur-Yvette, France.; Université de Paris, CNRS, Institut Jacques Monod (IJM), 75013, Paris, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, INRAE, CNRS, Génétique Quantitative et Évolution Le Moulon, 91400, Orsay, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, INRAE, CNRS, Génétique Quantitative et Évolution Le Moulon, 91400, Orsay, France.; Parasitology and Mycology Department, Bicêtre University Hospital, Univ. Paris-Sud/Univ. Paris Saclay, Le Kremlin-Bicêtre, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, CEA, CNRS, Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule (I2BC), 91198, Gif-sur-Yvette, France.
Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital-Radiumhospitalet, 0372 Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital-Radiumhospitalet, 0372 Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Oncology, Institute for Cancer Research, Oslo University Hospital-Radiumhospitalet, 0372 Oslo, Norway.; Department of Informatics, Faculty of Natural Science and Mathematics, University of Oslo, 0373 Oslo, Norway.
Department of Pharmacy, Uppsala University, Uppsala SE-75123, Sweden.; DMPK, Research and Early Development Cardiovascular, Renal and Metabolism, BioPharmaceuticals R&D, AstraZeneca, Gothenburg SE-43183, Sweden.; Department of Pharmacy, Uppsala University, Uppsala SE-75123, Sweden.; Biochemical Proteomics Group, Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried D-82152, Germany.; Department of Pharmacy, Uppsala University, Uppsala SE-75123, Sweden.; Biochemical Proteomics Group, Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried D-82152, Germany.; Department of Pharmacy, University of Oslo, Oslo NO-0316, Norway.; Department of Transplantation Medicine, Oslo University Hospital-Rikshospitalet, Oslo NO-0316, Norway.; Morbid Obesity Centre, Department of Medicine, Vestfold Hospital Trust, Tønsberg NO-3103, Norway.; Department of Endocrinology, Morbid Obesity and Preventive Medicine, Institute of Clinical Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo NO-0316, Norway.; DMPK, Research and Early Development Cardiovascular, Renal and Metabolism, BioPharmaceuticals R&D, AstraZeneca, Gothenburg SE-43183, Sweden.; Department of Pharmacy and Science for Life Laboratory, Uppsala University, Uppsala SE-75123, Sweden.
Edmond and Lily Safra Center for Brain Sciences, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 9190401, Israel.; Department of Genetics, The Alexander Silberman Institute of Life Sciences, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 9190401, Israel.; Edmond and Lily Safra Center for Brain Sciences, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 9190401, Israel.; Department of Genetics, The Alexander Silberman Institute of Life Sciences, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 9190401, Israel.; Edmond and Lily Safra Center for Brain Sciences, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 9190401, Israel.; Department of Genetics, The Alexander Silberman Institute of Life Sciences, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 9190401, Israel.
Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.; Regenerative Medicine Program, Ottawa Hospital Research Institute, Ottawa, Ontario, ON K1H8L6, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry, Microbiology and Immunology, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Ontario, ON K1H8L6, Canada.; Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.; Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.; Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.; Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.; Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.; Visceral Surgery and Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, Department for BioMedical Research, University of Bern, Murtenstrasse 35, 3008 Bern, Switzerland.
Garvan-Weizmann Centre for Cellular Genomics, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW 2010, Australia.; Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD 4067, Australia.; MGI, BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen 518083, China.; MGI, BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen 518083, China.; MGI, BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen 518083, China.; Menzies Institute for Medical Research, School of Medicine, University of Tasmania, Hobart, TAS 7000, Australia.; Department of Anatomy and Neuroscience, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Department of Surgery, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Centre for Eye Research Australia, Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD 4067, Australia.; Centre for Eye Research Australia, Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Institute for Molecular Bioscience, University of Queensland, St Lucia, QLD 4067, Australia.; BGI Australia, 300 Herston Rd, Herston, QLD 4006 Australia.; Diamantina Institute, The University of Queensland, Woolloongabba, QLD 4102, Australia.; BGI Australia, 300 Herston Rd, Herston, QLD 4006 Australia.; Department of Anatomy and Neuroscience, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Department of Surgery, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Centre for Eye Research Australia, Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Menzies Institute for Medical Research, School of Medicine, University of Tasmania, Hobart, TAS 7000, Australia.; Department of Surgery, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Centre for Eye Research Australia, Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital, Parkville, VIC 3052, Australia.; Garvan-Weizmann Centre for Cellular Genomics, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Darlinghurst, NSW 2010, Australia.; UNSW Cellular Genomics Futures Institute, University of New South Wales, Kensington, NSW 2033 Australia.
Land & Water, CSIRO, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Research School of Biology, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 2600, Australia.; Land & Water, CSIRO, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Department of Chemistry, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON N2L 3G1, Canada.; Australian National Insect Collection, CSIRO National Research Collections Australia, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Zoologisches Forschungsmuseum Alexander Koenig, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Evolutionsbiologie & Ökologie, Institut für Biologie I, Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg, 79085 Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.; Australian National Insect Collection, CSIRO National Research Collections Australia, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Zoologisches Forschungsmuseum Alexander Koenig, 53113 Bonn, Germany.; Land & Water, CSIRO, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.; Research School of Biology, Australian National University, Canberra, ACT 2600, Australia.; School of Biology and Environmental Science, University College Dublin, Belfield, Dublin 4, Ireland.; Earth Institute, University College Dublin, Belfield, Dublin 4 Ireland.
Division of Computational Biomedicine, Department of Biological Chemistry, School of Medicine, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.; Division of Biostatistics, Dan L Duncan Cancer Center and Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Division of Biostatistics, Dan L Duncan Cancer Center and Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Division of Biostatistics, Dan L Duncan Cancer Center and Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Division of Computational Biomedicine, Department of Biological Chemistry, School of Medicine, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.; Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology, University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Division of Computational Biomedicine, Department of Biological Chemistry, School of Medicine, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.; ChosenMed Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd, Beijing 100176, China.; CAS Key Laboratory of RNA Biology, Institute of Biophysics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101,China.; Division of Computational Biomedicine, Department of Biological Chemistry, School of Medicine, University of California, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.
Institute for Research in Biomedicine, Faculty of Biomedical Sciences, Università della Svizzera Italiana, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; BigOmics Analytics, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine, Faculty of Biomedical Sciences, Università della Svizzera Italiana, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.; BigOmics Analytics, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine, Faculty of Biomedical Sciences, Università della Svizzera Italiana, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine, Faculty of Biomedical Sciences, Università della Svizzera Italiana, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.; BigOmics Analytics, 6500 Bellinzona, Switzerland.
Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; Institute of Bioengineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; School of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; LASIR CNRS, Université de Lille, 59655 Villeneuve d'Ascq, France.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; Institute of Bioengineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; School of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; Institute of Bioengineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; School of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; School of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; LASIR CNRS, Université de Lille, 59655 Villeneuve d'Ascq, France.; School of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Center for Neuroprosthetics, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Radiology and Medical Informatics, Université de Genève, 1205 Genève, Switzerland.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.; Institute of Bioengineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; School of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, CH-1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Department of Chemistry, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium.
Department of Plant Biology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Plant Biology, Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 48824, USA.
Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse, INSERM UMR1037, Toulouse, France; Université Toulouse III Paul-Sabatier, Toulouse, France; ERL 5294 CNRS, Toulouse, France, Institut Universitaire du Cancer-Oncopole de Toulouse, Toulouse, France, laboratoire d'Excellence Toulouse Cancer, TOUCAN.; Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse, INSERM UMR1037, Toulouse, France; Université Toulouse III Paul-Sabatier, Toulouse, France; ERL 5294 CNRS, Toulouse, France, Institut Universitaire du Cancer-Oncopole de Toulouse, Toulouse, France, laboratoire d'Excellence Toulouse Cancer, TOUCAN.; Biolegend, San Diego, CA 92121, USA.; Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse, INSERM UMR1037, Toulouse, France; Université Toulouse III Paul-Sabatier, Toulouse, France; ERL 5294 CNRS, Toulouse, France, Institut Universitaire du Cancer-Oncopole de Toulouse, Toulouse, France, laboratoire d'Excellence Toulouse Cancer, TOUCAN.; Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse, INSERM UMR1037, Toulouse, France; Université Toulouse III Paul-Sabatier, Toulouse, France; ERL 5294 CNRS, Toulouse, France, Institut Universitaire du Cancer-Oncopole de Toulouse, Toulouse, France, laboratoire d'Excellence Toulouse Cancer, TOUCAN.; Biolegend, San Diego, CA 92121, USA.; Institut de Mathématiques de Toulouse, UMR 5219, Université de Toulouse, CNRS, UPS, F-31062 Toulouse, France.; Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse, INSERM UMR1037, Toulouse, France; Université Toulouse III Paul-Sabatier, Toulouse, France; ERL 5294 CNRS, Toulouse, France, Institut Universitaire du Cancer-Oncopole de Toulouse, Toulouse, France, laboratoire d'Excellence Toulouse Cancer, TOUCAN.; Biolegend, San Diego, CA 92121, USA.; Centre de Recherches en Cancérologie de Toulouse, INSERM UMR1037, Toulouse, France; Université Toulouse III Paul-Sabatier, Toulouse, France; ERL 5294 CNRS, Toulouse, France, Institut Universitaire du Cancer-Oncopole de Toulouse, Toulouse, France, laboratoire d'Excellence Toulouse Cancer, TOUCAN.
Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, 91198 Gif sur Yvette Cedex, France.; Unité de Microbiologie Structurale, Institut Pasteur, CNRS, F-75015 Paris, France.; Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, 91198 Gif sur Yvette Cedex, France.; Institut Pasteur, Archaeal Virology Unit, Department of Microbiology, 75015 Paris, France.; Unité de Microbiologie Structurale, Institut Pasteur, CNRS, F-75015 Paris, France.; Université de Paris, Paris Diderot, F-75013 Paris, France.; Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, 91198 Gif sur Yvette Cedex, France.; Institut Pasteur, F-75015 Paris, France.; Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, 91198 Gif sur Yvette Cedex, France.
Evolutionary Genomics Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics, Hospital del Mar Research Institute, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Dr Aiguader 88, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Evolutionary Genomics Group, Research Programme on Biomedical Informatics, Hospital del Mar Research Institute, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Dr Aiguader 88, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies, Passeig Lluís Companys 23, Barcelona 08010, Spain.
Department of Food, Bioprocessing and Nutrition Sciences, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC 27606, USA.; Department of Food, Bioprocessing and Nutrition Sciences, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC 27606, USA.; Department of Food, Bioprocessing and Nutrition Sciences, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC 27606, USA.
Laboratory for Applied Science and Technology in Health, Carlos Chagas Institute, FIOCRUZ, Paraná, 81350-010, Brazil.; Laboratoire de Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive, UMR 5558, CNRS, Université de Lyon, Université Lyon 1, Villeurbanne 69622, France.; Laboratory for Applied Science and Technology in Health, Carlos Chagas Institute, FIOCRUZ, Paraná, 81350-010, Brazil.; Laboratory for Applied Science and Technology in Health, Carlos Chagas Institute, FIOCRUZ, Paraná, 81350-010, Brazil.
Institute of Plant Biology, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617 Taiwan.; Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, London Research and Development Centre, London, ON N5V 4T3 Canada.; Institute of Plant and Microbial Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 11529, Taiwan.; Institute of Plant and Microbial Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 11529, Taiwan.; Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, London Research and Development Centre, London, ON N5V 4T3 Canada.; Institute of Plant Biology, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617 Taiwan.; Institute of Plant Biology, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617 Taiwan.; Institute of Plant and Microbial Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei 11529, Taiwan.; Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, London Research and Development Centre, London, ON N5V 4T3 Canada.; Institute of Plant Biology, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617 Taiwan.
Technische Universität Dresden, Institute of Microbiology, Zellescher Weg 20b, 01217 Dresden, Germany.; Center for Macroecology, Evolution and Climate (CMEC), GLOBE Institute, University of Copenhagen, 1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Noble Research Institute, LLC, 2510 Sam Noble Parkway, Ardmore, OK 73401, USA.; Noble Research Institute, LLC, 2510 Sam Noble Parkway, Ardmore, OK 73401, USA.; Department of Botany and Plant Sciences, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Noble Research Institute, LLC, 2510 Sam Noble Parkway, Ardmore, OK 73401, USA.
Division of Neurogenetics, Center for Neurological Diseases and Cancer, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, 65 Tsurumai, Showa-ku, Nagoya 466-8550, Japan.; Division of Neurogenetics, Center for Neurological Diseases and Cancer, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, 65 Tsurumai, Showa-ku, Nagoya 466-8550, Japan.; Division of Neurogenetics, Center for Neurological Diseases and Cancer, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, 65 Tsurumai, Showa-ku, Nagoya 466-8550, Japan.; Division of Neurogenetics, Center for Neurological Diseases and Cancer, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, 65 Tsurumai, Showa-ku, Nagoya 466-8550, Japan.; Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, The University of Tokyo Hospital, 7-3-1 Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-8655, Japan.; Department of Chemistry and Biological Science, College of Science and Engineering, Aoyama Gakuin University, 5-10-1 Fuchinobe, Chuo-ku, Sagamihara 252-5258, Japan.; Department of Genetics, Research Institute of Environmental Medicine (RIeM), Nagoya University, Furo, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8601, Japan.; Division of Neurogenetics, Center for Neurological Diseases and Cancer, Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine, 65 Tsurumai, Showa-ku, Nagoya 466-8550, Japan.
Crown Bioscience, Inc., 218 Xinghu Road, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215400, China.; Crown Bioscience, Inc., 218 Xinghu Road, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215400, China.; Crown Bioscience, Inc., 218 Xinghu Road, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215400, China.; Crown Bioscience, Inc., 16550 W Bernardo Dr, Building 5, San Diego, CA 92127, USA.; Crown Bioscience, Inc., 218 Xinghu Road, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215400, China.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.
Department of Veterinary Biosciences, Melbourne Veterinary School, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Victoria 3010, Australia.; Department of Veterinary Biosciences, Melbourne Veterinary School, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Victoria 3010, Australia.; Department of Veterinary Biosciences, Melbourne Veterinary School, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Victoria 3010, Australia.; Department of Veterinary Biosciences, Melbourne Veterinary School, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Victoria 3010, Australia.; Department of Veterinary Biosciences, Melbourne Veterinary School, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, Victoria 3010, Australia.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300350, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Department of Statistics, Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shatin Hong Kong, China.; Department of Mathematics, The University of Hong Kong, Pokfulam Road, Hong Kong, China.
International School for Advanced Studies, via Bonomea 265, 34136 Trieste, Italy.; Institute of Structural Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; International School for Advanced Studies, via Bonomea 265, 34136 Trieste, Italy.; Institute of Structural Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; International School for Advanced Studies, via Bonomea 265, 34136 Trieste, Italy.
Institute for Integrative Systems Biology (I2SysBio), Universitat de València/CSIC, Paterna (València) 46980, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; VIB - UGent Center for Medical Biotechnology, VIB, Ghent 9000, Belgium.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; Institute for Integrative Systems Biology (I2SysBio), Universitat de València/CSIC, Paterna (València) 46980, Spain.; Institute for Integrative Systems Biology (I2SysBio), Universitat de València/CSIC, Paterna (València) 46980, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.; Bioinformatics Unit (MF 1), Department for Methods Development and Research Infrastructure, Robert Koch Institute, Berlin 13353, Germany.
Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels (IB2), Université Libre de Bruxelles and Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Triomflaan CP 263, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels (IB2), Université Libre de Bruxelles and Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Triomflaan CP 263, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Evolutionary Biology and Ecology, CP 160/12, Université Libre de Bruxelles, Av. F. D. Roosevelt 50, B-1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels (IB2), Université Libre de Bruxelles and Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Triomflaan CP 263, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Genetics, Hôpital Universitaire des Enfants Reine Fabiola, Université Libre de Bruxelles, 1020 Brussels, Belgium.; Center for Human Genetics, Hôpital Erasme, Université Libre de Bruxelles, Route de Lennik 808, 1070 Brussels, Belgium.
Department of Plant Pathology, Kansas State University, 4024 Throckmorton Center, Manhattan, KS 66506-5502, USA.; Department of Plant Pathology, Kansas State University, 4024 Throckmorton Center, Manhattan, KS 66506-5502, USA.; College of Forest Resources and Environmental Science, Michigan Technological University, Houghton, MI 49931, USA.; Center for Genomics and Biotechnology and Fujian Provincial Key Laboratory of Haixia Applied Plant Systems Biology, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Fujian 350002, China.; Department of Plant Pathology, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611-0680, USA.; Department of Plant Pathology, Kansas State University, 4024 Throckmorton Center, Manhattan, KS 66506-5502, USA.; Department of Plant Pathology, Kansas State University, 4024 Throckmorton Center, Manhattan, KS 66506-5502, USA.
Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Psychiatry, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; National Hospital of Pediatrics, Ha Noi 100000, Vietnam.; Department of Psychiatry, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Surgery, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.; Department of Psychiatry, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China.
Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.; Institut de Biologie Intégrative de la Cellule, UMR9198, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, Université Paris-Sud, F-91405 Orsay, France.; Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.; Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.; Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.; Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.; Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.; Pathologies de la Réplication de l'ADN, Université de Paris; Institut Jacques-Monod, UMR7592, CNRS, F-75006 Paris, France.
State Key Laboratory of Ophthalmology, Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510060, China.; State Key Laboratory of Ophthalmology, Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510060, China.; College of Arts and Sciences, Marian University, Indianapolis, IN 46222, USA.; State Key Laboratory of Ophthalmology, Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510060, China.; State Key Laboratory of Ophthalmology, Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510060, China.; State Key Laboratory of Ophthalmology, Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510060, China.
Department of Biology, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92182, USA.; Department of Biology, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92182, USA.
Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29631, USA.; Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29631, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics, Technical University of Munich, 85354 Freising, Germany.; Department of Informatics, Bioinformatics & Computational Biology-i12, Technical University of Munich, 85748 Garching, Germany.; Almazov National Medical Research Centre, St. Petersburg 197341, Russia.; Department of Informatics, Bioinformatics & Computational Biology-i12, Technical University of Munich, 85748 Garching, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Technical University of Munich, 85354 Freising, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Faculté des sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Functional Genomics, Faculté de médecine et des sciences de la santé, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Faculté des sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Functional Genomics, Faculté de médecine et des sciences de la santé, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Functional Genomics, Faculté de médecine et des sciences de la santé, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.; Department of Computer Science, Faculté des sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1K 2R1, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry and Functional Genomics, Faculté de médecine et des sciences de la santé, Université de Sherbrooke, QC J1E 4K8, Canada.
Center of Basic Medical Research, Institute of Medical Innovation and Research, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Center for Medical Genetics & Hunan Key Laboratory of Medical Genetics, School of Life Sciences, Central South University, Changsha, Hunan 410083, China.; Department of Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Science and Technology, Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University, Nanchang 330006, China.; Baiyining Medicine, Beijing 102200, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Center of Basic Medical Research, Institute of Medical Innovation and Research, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.
Department of Genetics, Evolution, Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Biology, University of Campinas, Campinas, SP, 13083-862, Brazil.; Department of Computer Science, ReDNA Labs, Pattaya, Chonburi, 20150, Thailand.; Department of Genetics, Evolution, Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Biology, University of Campinas, Campinas, SP, 13083-862, Brazil.; Department of Genetics, Evolution, Microbiology and Immunology, Institute of Biology, University of Campinas, Campinas, SP, 13083-862, Brazil.
Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.; Department of Engineering, Trinity College, 300 Summit Street, Hartford, CT 06106, USA.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Shandong University, Qingdao, Shandong 250100, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.
Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.; Department of Engineering, Trinity College, 300 Summit Street, Hartford, CT 06106, USA.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Shandong University, Qingdao, Shandong 250100, China.; Key Laboratory of Molecular Biophysics of the Ministry of Education, College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430074, China.
Mathematical Department, UPC-Barcelona Tech, 08028 Barcelona, Spain.; Melbourne Integrative Genomics, School of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia.; Melbourne Integrative Genomics, School of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia.; Biosciences Department, Faculty of Sciences and Technology, University of Vic-Central University of Catalonia, Carrer de la Laura, 13, 08500 Vic, Spain.
Dipartimento di Medicina Molecolare e Biotecnologie Mediche, Università Federico II Napoli, 80131 Naples, Italy.; Department of Precision Medicine, University of Campania 'L. Vanvitelli', 80138 Naples, Italy.; Department of Biology, Università Federico II Napoli, 80126 Naples, Italy.; Dipartimento di Medicina Molecolare e Biotecnologie Mediche, Università Federico II Napoli, 80131 Naples, Italy.; Dipartimento di Medicina Molecolare e Biotecnologie Mediche, Università Federico II Napoli, 80131 Naples, Italy.; Department of Physics, Università Federico II Napoli, 80126 Naples, Italy.; Department of Biology, Università Federico II Napoli, 80126 Naples, Italy.; Dipartimento di Medicina Molecolare e Biotecnologie Mediche, Università Federico II Napoli, 80131 Naples, Italy.; Dipartimento di Medicina Molecolare e Biotecnologie Mediche, Università Federico II Napoli, 80131 Naples, Italy.
University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, Nikolaou Plastira 100, 70013 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; Medical School of Patras University, Laboratory of General Biology, Asklipiou 1, 26500 Rio Patras, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; Department of Biology, Medical School, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Mikras Asias 75, 11527 Athens, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, Nikolaou Plastira 100, 70013 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; Bioinformatics Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Biotechnology, University of Thessaly, Larisa 41500, Greece.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, BSRC "Alexander Fleming", 34 Fleming Street, 16672 Vari, Greece.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, Nikolaou Plastira 100, 70013 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; Laboratory of Biological Chemistry, Faculty of Health Sciences, School of Medicine, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, GR-54124, Thessaloniki, Greece.; Functional Proteomics and Systems Biology (FunPATh), Center for Interdisciplinary Research and Innovation (CIRI-AUTH), Balkan Center, Thessaloniki, 10th km Thessaloniki-Thermi Rd, P.O.Box 8318, GR 57001, Greece.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, Nikolaou Plastira 100, 70013 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, Nikolaou Plastira 100, 70013 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, Nikolaou Plastira 100, 70013 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; University of Crete, School of Medicine, Department of Basic Sciences, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.
Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA.; Division of Biological Sciences, University of Missouri at Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Division of Biological Sciences, University of Missouri at Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA.; Department of Human Genetics, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Missouri at Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Aix Marseille Univ, Université de Toulon, CNRS, IRD, MIO UM110, 13288 Marseille, France.; Research Federation for the study of Global Ocean Systems Ecology and Evolution, FR2022/Tara GOSEE, 3 rue Michel-Ange, 75016 Paris, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, Université de Toulon, CNRS, IRD, MIO UM110, 13288 Marseille, France.; Research Federation for the study of Global Ocean Systems Ecology and Evolution, FR2022/Tara GOSEE, 3 rue Michel-Ange, 75016 Paris, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, Université de Toulon, CNRS, IRD, MIO UM110, 13288 Marseille, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, Université de Toulon, CNRS, IRD, MIO UM110, 13288 Marseille, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, Université de Toulon, CNRS, IRD, MIO UM110, 13288 Marseille, France.; Research Federation for the study of Global Ocean Systems Ecology and Evolution, FR2022/Tara GOSEE, 3 rue Michel-Ange, 75016 Paris, France.; Aix Marseille Univ, Université de Toulon, CNRS, IRD, MIO UM110, 13288 Marseille, France.; Research Federation for the study of Global Ocean Systems Ecology and Evolution, FR2022/Tara GOSEE, 3 rue Michel-Ange, 75016 Paris, France.
Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634, USA.; Department of Genetics and Biochemistry, Clemson University, Clemson, SC 29634, USA.
Laboratory for Developmental Dynamics, RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics Research, Kobe 650-0047, Japan.; Research Center for the Mathematics on Chromatin Live Dynamics, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-8530, Japan.; Research Center for the Mathematics on Chromatin Live Dynamics, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-8530, Japan.; Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, Osaka University, Suita 565-0871, Japan.; Research Center for the Mathematics on Chromatin Live Dynamics, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-8530, Japan.; Graduate School of Medicine and Faculty of Medicine, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-0033, Japan.; Research Center for the Mathematics on Chromatin Live Dynamics, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-8530, Japan.; Graduate School of Integrated Sciences for Life, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-8526, Japan.; Laboratory for Cell Field Structure, RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics Research, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-0046, Japan.; Graduate School of Integrated Sciences for Life, Hiroshima University, Higashi-Hiroshima 739-8526, Japan.; PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi 332-0012, Japan.; Institute for Quantitative Biosciences, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo 113-0032, Japan.; PRESTO, Japan Science and Technology Agency, Kawaguchi 332-0012, Japan.; Laboratory for Cell Systems Control, RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics Research, Suita 565-0874, Japan.; Laboratory for Developmental Dynamics, RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics Research, Kobe 650-0047, Japan.
Department of Electronic and Communication Engineering, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase-III, New Delhi 110020, India.; Department of Computational Biology, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase-III, New Delhi 110020, India.; Department of Electronic and Communication Engineering, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase-III, New Delhi 110020, India.; Department of Computational Biology, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase-III, New Delhi 110020, India.; Department of Electronic and Communication Engineering, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase-III, New Delhi 110020, India.; Department of Computational Biology, Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase-III, New Delhi 110020, India.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.
Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, 08034 Spain.; Department of Statistics and Operations Research, Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, 08034 Spain.; Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya, Barcelona, 08034 Spain.; Department of Computer Sciences, Applied Mathematics and Statistics, Universitat de Girona, Campus Montilivi, 17003 Girona, Spain.
Unité de Génétique Moléculaire des Virus à ARN, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3569, Université de Paris, 75015 Paris, France.; Lyon Neuroscience Research Center, INSERM U1028, CNRS UMR5292, 69675 Bron, France.; PRABI, Rhône-Alpes Bioinformatics Center, Université Lyon 1, 69622 Villeurbanne, France.; Unité de Génétique Moléculaire des Virus à ARN, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3569, Université de Paris, 75015 Paris, France.; Unité de Génétique Moléculaire des Virus à ARN, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3569, Université de Paris, 75015 Paris, France.; Unité de Génétique Moléculaire des Virus à ARN, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3569, Université de Paris, 75015 Paris, France.; Institut Pasteur, Pôle BIOMICS, Plateforme Transcriptome et Epigenome, 75015 Paris, France.; Institut Pasteur, Pôle BIOMICS, Plateforme Transcriptome et Epigenome, 75015 Paris, France.; Laboratoire de Biométrie et Biologie Evolutive, CNRS UMR5558, Université Lyon 1, 69622 Villeurbanne, France.; Unité de Génétique Moléculaire des Virus à ARN, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3569, Université de Paris, 75015 Paris, France.
SciLifeLab, Department of Microbiology, Tumor and Cell Biology. Karolinska Institutet, Solna 171 65, Sweden.; SciLifeLab, Department of Microbiology, Tumor and Cell Biology. Karolinska Institutet, Solna 171 65, Sweden.; SciLifeLab, Department of Microbiology, Tumor and Cell Biology. Karolinska Institutet, Solna 171 65, Sweden.
Department of Medical Microbiology, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Universiti Putra Malaysia, UPM Serdang, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.; Biotechnology Institute, University of Minnesota, Saint Paul, MN, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, USA.; Primate Microbiome Project, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Nebraska at Omaha, Omaha, NE, USA.; Biotechnology Institute, University of Minnesota, Saint Paul, MN, USA.; College of Biological Sciences, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, USA.; Department of Microbiology, Faculty of Biotechnology and Biomolecular Sciences, Universiti Putra Malaysia, UPM Serdang, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.; Department of Nutrition and Dietetics, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Universiti Putra Malaysia, UPM Serdang, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.; Department of Medical Microbiology, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Universiti Putra Malaysia, UPM Serdang, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.; Department of Medical Microbiology, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Universiti Putra Malaysia, UPM Serdang, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.
Departement d'Informatique, UQAM, Montréal, QC, H2X 3Y7, Canada.; Centre for Structural and Functional Genomics, Concordia University, Montréal, QC, H4B 1R6, Canada.; Departement d'Informatique, UQAM, Montréal, QC, H2X 3Y7, Canada.; Departement d'Informatique, UQAM, Montréal, QC, H2X 3Y7, Canada.
Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Genome Sciences Centre, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Genome Sciences Centre, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Genome Science and Technology Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of British Columbia, Vancouver BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of British Columbia, Vancouver BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Genome Sciences Centre, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Genome Science and Technology Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of British Columbia, Vancouver BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of British Columbia, 2552-2350 Health Sciences Mall, Vancouver, British Columbia V6T 1Z3, Canada.; ECOSCOPE Training Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia V6T 1Z, Canada.
Tuberculosis Genomics Unit, Institute of Biomedicine of Valencia (CSIC), Valencia 46010, Spain.; Tuberculosis Genomics Unit, Institute of Biomedicine of Valencia (CSIC), Valencia 46010, Spain.; Tuberculosis Genomics Unit, Institute of Biomedicine of Valencia (CSIC), Valencia 46010, Spain.; Genomics and Health Unit, FISABIO Public Health (CSISP), Valencia 46035, Spain.; Tuberculosis Genomics Unit, Institute of Biomedicine of Valencia (CSIC), Valencia 46010, Spain.; Microbiology Service, La Fe University and Polytechnic Hospital, Valencia 46026, Spain.; Microbiology Service, University Clinic Hospital, Valencia 46010, Spain.; Microbiology Department, School of Medicine, University of Valencia, Valencia 46010, Spain.; Tuberculosis Genomics Unit, Institute of Biomedicine of Valencia (CSIC), Valencia 46010, Spain.; CIBER in Epidemiology and Public Health, Madrid 28029, Spain.
College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ, 85004, USA.; Center for Personalized Diagnostics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, 85281, USA.; College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ, 85004, USA.; Center for Personalized Diagnostics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, 85281, USA.; College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ, 85004, USA.; Department of Health Sciences Research & Center for Individualized Medicine, Mayo Clinic Arizona, Scottsdale, AZ, 85259, USA.; Department of Health Sciences Research & Center for Individualized Medicine, Mayo Clinic Arizona, Scottsdale, AZ, 85259, USA.; Department of Health Sciences Research & Center for Individualized Medicine, Mayo Clinic Arizona, Scottsdale, AZ, 85259, USA.; Department of Health Sciences Research, Mayo Clinic Florida, Jacksonville, AZ, 32224, USA.; Institute for Genomics and Evolutionary Medicine, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA, 19122, USA.; Department of Biology, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA, 19122, USA.; Center for Personalized Diagnostics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, 85281, USA.; College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ, 85004, USA.; Center for Personalized Diagnostics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ, 85281, USA.; Department of Health Sciences Research & Center for Individualized Medicine, Mayo Clinic Arizona, Scottsdale, AZ, 85259, USA.
San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (SR-Tiget), IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Dipartimento di Informatica Sistemistica e Comunicazione (DiSCO), Viale Sarca, 336, 20126, Milano, Italy.; National Research Council, Institute for Biomedical Technologies, Via Fratelli Cervi, 93, 20090, Segrate, Italy.; National Research Council, Institute for Biomedical Technologies, Via Fratelli Cervi, 93, 20090, Segrate, Italy.; San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (SR-Tiget), IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Dipartimento di Informatica Sistemistica e Comunicazione (DiSCO), Viale Sarca, 336, 20126, Milano, Italy.; San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (SR-Tiget), IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Dipartimento di Informatica Sistemistica e Comunicazione (DiSCO), Viale Sarca, 336, 20126, Milano, Italy.; San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (SR-Tiget), IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.; San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (SR-Tiget), IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.; Università degli Studi di Milano Bicocca, Dipartimento di Informatica Sistemistica e Comunicazione (DiSCO), Viale Sarca, 336, 20126, Milano, Italy.; National Research Council, Institute for Biomedical Technologies, Via Fratelli Cervi, 93, 20090, Segrate, Italy.; San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy (SR-Tiget), IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute, via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.
The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.; The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.; Institute of Biotechnology, Life Sciences Center, Vilnius University, Vilnius, Lithuania, LT-10257.; The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.; The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.; Institute of Biotechnology, Life Sciences Center, Vilnius University, Vilnius, Lithuania, LT-10257.; The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.; Institute of Biotechnology, Life Sciences Center, Vilnius University, Vilnius, Lithuania, LT-10257.; The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.; Institute of Biotechnology, Life Sciences Center, Vilnius University, Vilnius, Lithuania, LT-10257.; The Krembil Family Epigenetics Laboratory, The Campbell Family Mental Health Research Institute, Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5T 1R8.
School of Biomedical Informatics, Center for Precision Health, USA.; School of Biomedical Informatics, Center for Systems Medicine, University of Texas Health Science Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, USA.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Oncology, USA.; Brain Tumor Center, USA.; Center for Cancer Epigenetics, University of Texas, M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA.; M.D. Anderson UTHealth Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
Department of Biotechnology.; Department of Biotechnology.; Department of Public Health and General Practice, K.G. Jebsen Center for Genetic Epidemiology, NTNU - Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Trondheim N-7491, Norway.
Telethon Kids Institute, University of Western Australia, Nedlands, WA, Australia.
Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; McLaughlin Centre and Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M5G 0A4, Canada.; Program in Genetics and Genome Biology, Research Institute, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; The Centre for Applied Genomics, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON M5G0A4, Canada.; Division of Biostatistics and Department of Statistical Sciences, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5T3M7, Canada.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, OH, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, OH, USA.; Research Information Solutions and Innovation, The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH, USA.; Research Information Solutions and Innovation, The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH, USA.; Research Information Solutions and Innovation, The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, OH, USA.; College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, OH, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, OH, USA.
Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, 7, avenue des Hauts-Fourneaux, L-4362 Esch-sur-Alzette Luxembourg.; Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, 7, avenue des Hauts-Fourneaux, L-4362 Esch-sur-Alzette Luxembourg.; Institute for Globally Distributed Open Research and Education (IGDORE).; Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), University of Luxembourg, 7, avenue des Hauts-Fourneaux, L-4362 Esch-sur-Alzette Luxembourg.; Institute for Globally Distributed Open Research and Education (IGDORE).; IKERBASQUE, Basque Foundation for Science, Bilbao, Spain.; CIC bioGUNE, Derio, Spain.
Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv 6997801, Israel.; Blavatnik School of Computer Science, Tel-Aviv University, Tel Aviv 6997801, Israel.
Microbiology Department, CEA, CNRS, Univ. Paris-Sud, Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell (I2BC), Université Paris-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette cedex 91198, France.; Microbiology Department, CEA, CNRS, Univ. Paris-Sud, Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell (I2BC), Université Paris-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette cedex 91198, France.; Microbiology Department, CEA, CNRS, Univ. Paris-Sud, Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell (I2BC), Université Paris-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette cedex 91198, France.; Microbiology Department, CEA, CNRS, Univ. Paris-Sud, Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell (I2BC), Université Paris-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette cedex 91198, France.; Département de Microbiologie, Institut Pasteur, Unité de Biologie Moléculaire du Gène chez les Extrêmophiles, Paris 75015, France.; Microbiology Department, CEA, CNRS, Univ. Paris-Sud, Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell (I2BC), Université Paris-Saclay, Gif-sur-Yvette cedex 91198, France.
Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Bioinformatics and Genomics department, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Health and Experimental Sciences Department, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), Bioinformatics and Genomics department, The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Health and Experimental Sciences Department, Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona 08003, Spain.; ICREA, Barcelona 08010, Spain.
Department of Bioinformatics, School of Biology and Basic Medical Sciences.; Cambridge-Suda Genomic Research Center, Soochow University, Suzhou 215123, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, School of Biology and Basic Medical Sciences.; Department of Bioinformatics, School of Biology and Basic Medical Sciences.; MOE Key Laboratory of Model Animal for Disease Study, Nanjing University, Nanjing 210061, China.; Cancer Science Institute of Singapore, National University of Singapore, Singapore 119074, Singapore.; Department of Bioinformatics, School of Biology and Basic Medical Sciences.; Cambridge-Suda Genomic Research Center, Soochow University, Suzhou 215123, China.; Cancer Science Institute of Singapore, National University of Singapore, Singapore 119074, Singapore.; Department of Medicine, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA 90048, USA.; Department of Medicine, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA 90048, USA.; Department of Biology, Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen 518055, China.
Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Department of Immunohematology & Blood Transfusion, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; The Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.; The Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft, The Netherlands.; Molecular Epidemiology, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands.
Institute of Evolutionary Biology (CSIC-Universitat Pompeu Fabra), Paseo Maritimo Barceloneta 37-49, Barcelona, Spain.; Institute of Evolutionary Biology (CSIC-Universitat Pompeu Fabra), Paseo Maritimo Barceloneta 37-49, Barcelona, Spain.; Institut des Sciences de l'Evolution de Montpellier (UMR 5554, CNRS-UM-IRD-EPHE), 11 Université de Motpellier, Place Eugène Bataillon, Montpellier, France.; Center for Research in Agricultural Genomics, CRAG (CSIC-IRTA-UAB-UB), Campus UAB, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Barcelona, Spain.; Center for Research in Agricultural Genomics, CRAG (CSIC-IRTA-UAB-UB), Campus UAB, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Barcelona, Spain.; Center for Research in Agricultural Genomics, CRAG (CSIC-IRTA-UAB-UB), Campus UAB, Cerdanyola del Vallès, Barcelona, Spain.; Institute of Evolutionary Biology (CSIC-Universitat Pompeu Fabra), Paseo Maritimo Barceloneta 37-49, Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Medical Genetics, University of Oslo and Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Medical Genetics, University of Oslo and Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Medical Genetics, University of Oslo and Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway.; Hybrid Technology Hub - Centre of Excellence, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.
Department of Software Engineering, Ningxia University, Yinchuan 750021, China.; Department of Software Engineering, Ningxia University, Yinchuan 750021, China.; Department of Software Engineering, Ningxia University, Yinchuan 750021, China.; Department of Electronic Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei 230027, China.
Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Faculty of Medical Physics, Institute of Biomedical System and Technologies, Peter the Great Saint Petersburg Polytechnic University, Saint Petersburg, Russia.; Faculty of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics, Moscow State University, Moscow, Russia.; Department of Innovation and High Technology, Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, Dolgoprudny, Moscow region, Russia.; Universitat Pompeu Fabra (UPF), Barcelona, Spain.; Center for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Doctor Aiguader 88, Barcelona, Spain.; Laboratory of Protein Physics, Institute of Protein Research of the Russian Academy of Sciences, Pushchino, Moscow region, Russia.; Institute of Science and Technology Austria, Klosterneuburg, Austria.; Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology, Moscow, Russia.
Institut de Génétique Moléculaire de Montpellier, University of Montpellier, CNRS-UMR 5535, 1919 Route de Mende, Montpellier 34293 cedex 5, France.; Institut de Génétique Moléculaire de Montpellier, University of Montpellier, CNRS-UMR 5535, 1919 Route de Mende, Montpellier 34293 cedex 5, France.; Institut de Génétique Moléculaire de Montpellier, University of Montpellier, CNRS-UMR 5535, 1919 Route de Mende, Montpellier 34293 cedex 5, France.
School of Mathematical Sciences.; Biomedical Pioneering Innovation Center (BIOPIC), Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), Center for Bioinformatics (CBI), and the State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research at School of Life Sciences.; Biomedical Pioneering Innovation Center (BIOPIC), Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), Center for Bioinformatics (CBI), and the State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research at School of Life Sciences.; Biomedical Pioneering Innovation Center (BIOPIC), Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Genomics (ICG), Center for Bioinformatics (CBI), and the State Key Laboratory of Protein and Plant Gene Research at School of Life Sciences.; School of Mathematical Sciences.; Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.; Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.; Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.; Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.; Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.; Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.; Ph.D. candidates of Zhejiang University, China, and jointly cultivated by the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences in Chongqing University, China. Their main research interests include OMICs-based bioinformatics and statistical metabolomics.
Institute of Biomedicine, University of Eastern Finland, Finland.; Blueprint Genetics Ltd, Finland.; Institute of Biomedicine, University of Eastern Finland, Finland.
Bioinformatics Project, National Institutes of Biomedical Innovation, Health and Nutrition, Osaka, Japan.; Bioinformatics Project, National Institutes of Biomedical Innovation, Health and Nutrition, Osaka, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan.; Bioinformatics Project, National Institutes of Biomedical Innovation, Health and Nutrition, Osaka, Japan.; Institute for Protein Research, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan.
School of Computer, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.; Hubei Provincial Key Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Smart Learning, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center for Network Media, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; School of Computer, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.; Hubei Provincial Key Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Smart Learning, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center for Network Media, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; School of Computer, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.; Hubei Provincial Key Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Smart Learning, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center for Network Media, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; School of Computer, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.; Hubei Provincial Key Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Smart Learning, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center for Network Media, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; School of Computer, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.; Hubei Provincial Key Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Smart Learning, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center for Network Media, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; School of Computer, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, China.; Hubei Provincial Key Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Smart Learning, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.; National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center for Network Media, Central China Normal University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
Division of Molecular Biology and Human Genetics, Department of Biomedical Science, DST/NRF Centre of Excellence in Biomedical TB Research, SA MRC Centre for Tuberculosis Research, Faculty of Medicine and Health Science, Stellenbosch University, Tygerberg, Cape Town 7505, South Africa.; Section Molecular Microbiology, Amsterdam Institute for Molecules, Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081 HZ, The Netherlands.; Division of Molecular Biology and Human Genetics, Department of Biomedical Science, DST/NRF Centre of Excellence in Biomedical TB Research, SA MRC Centre for Tuberculosis Research, Faculty of Medicine and Health Science, Stellenbosch University, Tygerberg, Cape Town 7505, South Africa.; Biosciences Institute, Faculty of Medical Sciences, Newcastle University, Newcastle upon Tyne NE2 4HH, UK.; Division of Molecular Biology and Human Genetics, Department of Biomedical Science, DST/NRF Centre of Excellence in Biomedical TB Research, SA MRC Centre for Tuberculosis Research, Faculty of Medicine and Health Science, Stellenbosch University, Tygerberg, Cape Town 7505, South Africa.; Section Molecular Microbiology, Amsterdam Institute for Molecules, Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081 HZ, The Netherlands.; Department of Medical Microbiology and Infection Control, Amsterdam UMC, location VUmc, Amsterdam 1081 HZ, The Netherlands.
Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.; Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.; Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.; Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.; Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.; Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.; Centro Andaluz de Biología del Desarrollo (CABD, UPO-CSIC), Universidad Pablo de Olavide, 41013 Sevilla, Spain.
Department of Biological Sciences, Texas Tech University, 2901 Main St, Lubbock, TX 79409, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Texas Tech University, 2901 Main St, Lubbock, TX 79409, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Texas Tech University, 2901 Main St, Lubbock, TX 79409, USA.
Artificial Intelligence and Bioinformatics Research Group, School of Computing, Faculty of Engineering, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, 81310 Skudai Johor, Malaysia.; Institute for Artificial Intelligence and Big Data, Universiti Malaysia Kelantan, City Campus, Pengkalan Chepa, 16100 Kota Bharu Kelantan, Malaysia.; Faculty of Bioengineering and Technology, Universiti Malaysia Kelantan, Jeli Campus, Lock Bag 100, 17600 Jeli Kelantan, Malaysia.; Artificial Intelligence and Bioinformatics Research Group, School of Computing, Faculty of Engineering, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, 81310 Skudai Johor, Malaysia.; Artificial Intelligence and Bioinformatics Research Group, School of Computing, Faculty of Engineering, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, 81310 Skudai Johor, Malaysia.; Artificial Intelligence and Bioinformatics Research Group, School of Computing, Faculty of Engineering, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, 81310 Skudai Johor, Malaysia.; Soft Computing and Intelligent System Research Group, Faculty of Computer Systems and Software Engineering, Universiti Malaysia Pahang, 26300 Kuantan, Pahang, Malaysia.; Faculty of Manufacturing Engineering, Universiti Malaysia Pahang, Pekan, Pahang, Malaysia.; Faculty of Biotechnology and Biomolecular Sciences, Universiti Putra Malaysia, 43400 UPM Serdang, Selangor, Malaysia.; School of Computing and Information Systems, The University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC 3052 Australia.
Department of Experimental Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.; Department of Immunology, Nara Medical University, Kashihara, Nara 634-8521, Japan.; Department of Experimental Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.; Department of Experimental Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center, Osaka University, Osaka 565-0871, Japan.
Unité de Bioinformatique Evolutive, USR 3756 (DBC/C3BI), Institut Pasteur & CNRS, 75015 - Paris, France.; Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique, USR 3756 (DBC/C3BI), Institut Pasteur & CNRS, 75015 - Paris, France.; Unité de Bioinformatique Evolutive, USR 3756 (DBC/C3BI), Institut Pasteur & CNRS, 75015 - Paris, France.; ED515, Sorbonne Université, Collège Doctoral, 75006 - Paris, France.; Unité de Bioinformatique Evolutive, USR 3756 (DBC/C3BI), Institut Pasteur & CNRS, 75015 - Paris, France.; Université de Paris, 75006 Paris, France.; Unité de Bioinformatique Evolutive, USR 3756 (DBC/C3BI), Institut Pasteur & CNRS, 75015 - Paris, France.; Académie des Sciences, USR 3756, CNRS, 75015 - Paris, France.
Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Department of Biological Chemistry, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Department of Biological Chemistry, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.
School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.; School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.; School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.; School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.; School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.; School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.; School of Life Science, Shanxi Key Laboratory for Research and Development of Regional Plants, Shanxi University, Taiyuan, China.
Research Council, University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Nugegoda, Sri Lanka.
Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Research Center for Molecular Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, FI-00076 Aalto, Finland.

Division of Biostatistics, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada M5T 3M7.; Division of Biostatistics, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada M5T 3M7.; Genetics and Genome Biology Program, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5G 1X8.; Division of Biostatistics, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada M5T 3M7.; Department of Biostatistics, Princess Margaret Cancer Center, University Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada, M5G 2C1.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Finland.
Department of Mathematics, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK.; Department of Mathematics, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK.; Department of Mathematics, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK.
Department of Computer Science, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T1Z4, Canada.; RIKEN Center for Integrative Medical Sciences (IMS), Yokohama 230-0045, Japan.; Department of Computer Science, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T1Z4, Canada.
Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; National Centre for Text Mining, School of Computer Science, The University of Manchester, UKThe Alan Turing Institute, UK.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Department of Advanced Science and Technology, Toyota Technological Institute, Nagoya 468-8511, Japan.; National Centre for Text Mining, School of Computer Science, The University of Manchester, UKThe Alan Turing Institute, UK.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Research Program on Biomedical Informatics, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia 08002, Spain.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Research Program on Biomedical Informatics, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Catalonia 08002, Spain.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA), Barcelona 08010, Spain.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zürich, Basel 4058, Switzerland.; SIB, Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel 4058, Switzerland.
College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ 85004, USA.; Biodesign Center for Environmental Health Engineering, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, Perelman School of Medicine,University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, Perelman School of Medicine,University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, Perelman School of Medicine,University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ 85004, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Informatics, Perelman School of Medicine,University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ 85004, USA.; Biodesign Center for Environmental Health Engineering, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85287, USA.
AcademGene LLC, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; Laboratory of Complex Systems Simulation, A.P.Ershov Institute of Informatics Systems SB RAS, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; AcademGene LLC, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; Laboratory of Complex Systems Simulation, A.P.Ershov Institute of Informatics Systems SB RAS, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; Theoretical Department, Research Center of Virology and Biotechnology "Vector" Rospotrebnadzor, Koltsovo 630559, Russia.; AcademGene LLC, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; Laboratory of Complex Systems Simulation, A.P.Ershov Institute of Informatics Systems SB RAS, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; Cancer Research Foundation, Moscow 109316, Russia.; AcademGene LLC, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; AcademGene LLC, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.; Cancer Research Foundation, Moscow 109316, Russia.; Cancer Research Foundation, Moscow 109316, Russia.
Institute of Medical Biometry and Statistics, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79104 Freiburg, Germany.; Institute of Medical Biometry and Statistics, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79104 Freiburg, Germany.; Institute of Medical Biometry and Statistics, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 79104 Freiburg, Germany.
Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Shenzhen Bay Laboratory, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Lab of Computational Chemistry and Drug Design, State Key Laboratory of Chemical Oncogenomics, Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School, Shenzhen 518055, China.; Shenzhen Bay Laboratory, Shenzhen 518055, China.; College of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering, Peking University, Beijing 100871, China.
Institute of Bioinformatics.; Department of Genetics.; Institute of Bioinformatics.; Department of Genetics.; Department of Computer Science.; Institute of Bioinformatics.; Department of Genetics.; Complex Carbohydrate Research Center.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602, USA.
Department of Plant Developmental Genetics, Institute of Biophysics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, 61200 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Machine Learning and Data Processing, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, 60200 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Plant Developmental Genetics, Institute of Biophysics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, 61200 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Machine Learning and Data Processing, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, 60200 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Plant Developmental Genetics, Institute of Biophysics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, 61200 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Machine Learning and Data Processing, Faculty of Informatics, Masaryk University, 60200 Brno, Czech Republic.; Department of Plant Developmental Genetics, Institute of Biophysics of the Czech Academy of Sciences, 61200 Brno, Czech Republic.
College of Information Science and Engineering, Zaozhuang University, Zaozhuang, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Mining and Technology, Xuzhou, China.; School of Foreign Languages, Zaozhuang University, Zaozhuang, China.; Xinjiang Technical Institute of Physics and Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ürümqi, China.; Xinjiang Technical Institute of Physics and Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ürümqi, China.; Xinjiang Technical Institute of Physics and Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ürümqi, China.; Xinjiang Technical Institute of Physics and Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ürümqi, China.; College of Information Science and Engineering, Zaozhuang University, Zaozhuang, China.; School of information engineering, Jiangxi University of Science and Technology, Ganzhou, China.
Faculty of Mathematics Informatics and Statistics, Ludwig Maximilian Universität, München 80333, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg 85764, Germany.; Department of Mathematics, Technical University of Munich, Garching bei München 85748, Germany.
Center for Applied Mathematics, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; School of Statistics and Data Science, Nankai University, Tianjin 300074, China.; Center for Applied Mathematics, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; Department of Computer Science, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA 23284, USA.
School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; Institute of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Greifswald, 17489 Greifswald, Germany.; Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; Institute of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Greifswald, 17489 Greifswald, Germany.; Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.
Section for Evolutionary Genomics, The GLOBE Institute, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen,1353 Denmark.; Department of Genetics and Genome Biology, University of Leicester, LE1 7RH Leicester, UK.; Section for Evolutionary Genomics, The GLOBE Institute, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen,1353 Denmark.; Section for Evolutionary Genomics, The GLOBE Institute, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen,1353 Denmark.; Department of Genetics and Genome Biology, University of Leicester, LE1 7RH Leicester, UK.; Section for Evolutionary Genomics, The GLOBE Institute, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen,1353 Denmark.
Laboratory of Complex Biological systems and Bioinformatics (CBB), Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics (IBB), University of Tehran, Tehran 1417614335, Iran.; Department of Biotechnology, College of Science, University of Tehran, Tehran 1417614411, Iran.; Laboratory of Genomics and Epigenomics (LGE), Department of Biochemistry, Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics (IBB), University of Tehran, Tehran 1417614335, Iran.; Laboratory of Complex Biological systems and Bioinformatics (CBB), Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics (IBB), University of Tehran, Tehran 1417614335, Iran.
University of Naples 'Federico II'.; University of Naples 'Federico II'.; University of Naples 'Federico II'.; Computer Science and Engineering at University of Naples 'Federico II'.
Department of Crop Genomics and Bioinformatics, College of Agronomy and Biotechnology, National Maize Improvement Center of China, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China.; Beijing Key Laboratory of Plant Resources Research and Development, School of Sciences, Beijing Technology and Business University, Beijing 100048, China.; College of Life Sciences, Northwest A&F University, Yangling 712100, China. Electronic address: desert.ruolin@gmail.com.; Department of Crop Genomics and Bioinformatics, College of Agronomy and Biotechnology, National Maize Improvement Center of China, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100094, China. Electronic address: sysbio@cau.edu.cn.
State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Subtropical Agro-bioresources, Instrumental Analysis and Research Center, Key Laboratory of Plant Functional Genomics and Biotechnology of Guangdong Provincial Higher Education Institutions College of Life Sciences, South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou 510642, China.; Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangzhou 510060, China; School of Life Sciences, Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou 450001, China; College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China.; State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Subtropical Agro-bioresources, Instrumental Analysis and Research Center, Key Laboratory of Plant Functional Genomics and Biotechnology of Guangdong Provincial Higher Education Institutions College of Life Sciences, South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou 510642, China.; The State Key Laboratory of Plant Cell and Chromosome Engineering, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, National Centre for Plant Gene Research, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Subtropical Agro-bioresources, Instrumental Analysis and Research Center, Key Laboratory of Plant Functional Genomics and Biotechnology of Guangdong Provincial Higher Education Institutions College of Life Sciences, South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou 510642, China.; State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Subtropical Agro-bioresources, Instrumental Analysis and Research Center, Key Laboratory of Plant Functional Genomics and Biotechnology of Guangdong Provincial Higher Education Institutions College of Life Sciences, South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou 510642, China.; The State Key Laboratory of Plant Cell and Chromosome Engineering, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, National Centre for Plant Gene Research, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Subtropical Agro-bioresources, Instrumental Analysis and Research Center, Key Laboratory of Plant Functional Genomics and Biotechnology of Guangdong Provincial Higher Education Institutions College of Life Sciences, South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou 510642, China.; Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangzhou 510060, China; College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China. Electronic address: liuzx@sysucc.org.cn.; State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Subtropical Agro-bioresources, Instrumental Analysis and Research Center, Key Laboratory of Plant Functional Genomics and Biotechnology of Guangdong Provincial Higher Education Institutions College of Life Sciences, South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou 510642, China. Electronic address: haizhou@scau.edu.cn.
State Key Laboratory of Freshwater Ecology and Biotechnology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China; Key Laboratory of Algal Biology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100039, China.; State Key Laboratory of Freshwater Ecology and Biotechnology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China; Key Laboratory of Algal Biology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China.; State Key Laboratory of Freshwater Ecology and Biotechnology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China; Key Laboratory of Algal Biology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100039, China.; Jingjie PTM BioLab (Hangzhou) Co. Ltd, Hangzhou 310018, China.; State Key Laboratory of Freshwater Ecology and Biotechnology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China; Key Laboratory of Algal Biology, Institute of Hydrobiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan 430072, China. Electronic address: gefeng@ihb.ac.cn.
Department of Biology, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO, 80521 USA.; Department of Biology, Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO, 80521 USA.
Department of Statistics, University of Connecticut, 215 Glenbrook Rd., Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Connecticut, 215 Glenbrook Rd., Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Connecticut, 215 Glenbrook Rd., Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Connecticut, 215 Glenbrook Rd., Storrs, CT 06269, USA.; The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine, 10 Discovery Drive, Farmington, CT 06032, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Epidemiology, School of Public Health and Health Sciences, University of Massachusetts, 715 North Pleasant Street, Amherst, MA 01003, USA.
Faculty of Health Sciences, University Sultan Zain Al Abidin, Kuala Nerus, Terengganu 21300, Malaysia.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University Sultan Zain Al Abidin, Kuala Nerus, Terengganu 21300, Malaysia.; Department of Pharmacology and Biomedical Sciences, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Petra, Amman, Jordan.
State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of the State Forestry Administration, Beijing 10091, China.; State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of the State Forestry Administration, Beijing 10091, China.; Co-Innovation Center for Sustainable Forestry in Southern China, Nanjing Forestry University, Nanjing 210037, China.; Precision Medicine Center, West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, Sichuan, China 610041.; State Key Laboratory of Tree Genetics and Breeding, Research Institute of Forestry, Chinese Academy of Forestry, Key Laboratory of Tree Breeding and Cultivation of the State Forestry Administration, Beijing 10091, China.; Institute of Crop Science, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Beijing, 100081, China.
Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.; Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.; Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.; Burnett School of Biomedical Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.; Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.
Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada.; Department of Chemical & Biotechnological Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada.; Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Université de Sherbrooke, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada.
Molecular Biology and Bioinformatics at the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia. His research interests include the development and application of bioinformatics methods for the analysis of next-generation sequencing data.; Molecular Biology and Bioinformatics at the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia. Her research activities are mainly focused on the integrative analysis of transcriptional and epigenomic bulk and single-cell data.; Industrial Bioengineering at the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia. His research activity is the development and application of computational approaches for the analysis of multi -omics data.
Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Michigan Institute for Data Science, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, School of Public Health, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Pathology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Emergency Medicine, Medical School, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Engineering, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.

Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.; Burnett School of Biomedical Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.; Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL-32816, US.

School of Software Engineering, South China University of Technology.; School of Software Engineering, South China University of Technology.; Department of Computer Science, Brandenburg University of Technology Cottbus-Senftenberg.; Department of Computer Science, Brunel University London.
College of Computer Science and Technology in the Jilin University.; College of Computer Science and Technology in the Jilin University.; College of Computer Science and Technology in Changchun University.; College of Computer Science and Technology in the Jilin University.; College of Computer Science and Technology in the Changchun University.; College of Computer Science and Technology in the Changchun University.; College of Computer Science and Technology in the Jilin University.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering in the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

Department of Computer Science, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Genome Informatics Facility, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Center for Excellence in Animal Evolution and Genetics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming 650223, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: zhangzhang@big.ac.cn.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: zhaowm@big.ac.cn.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: ybxue@big.ac.cn.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: baoym@big.ac.cn.
School of Life Sciences, Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; School of Food and Biological Engineering, Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; School of Food and Biological Engineering, Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; School of Life Sciences, Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; School of Life Sciences, Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Neuroscience Program, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; C.R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Neuroscience Program, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; C.R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Neuroscience Program, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; Department of Crop Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.; C.R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA.
Department of Statistics, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Interdepartmental Program in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Statistics, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Interdepartmental Program in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Genetics, Development and Cell Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
Emulate Inc., Boston, MA 02210, USA.; Founders Fund, San Francisco, CA 94129, USA.; Department of Informatics and Telecommunications, University of Athens, Athens 15784, Greece.; Bouve College of Health Sciences, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115, USA.
Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.; Computer Science, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520, USA.
Genomics Program, College of Public Health, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA.; University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Genomics Program, College of Public Health, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA.; Genomics Program, College of Public Health, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA.
Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Division of Psychiatry Research, The Zucker Hillside Hospital, Northwell Health, Glen Oaks, NY 11004, USA.; Research Division, Institute of Mental Health Singapore, Singapore 539747, Singapore.; Human Genetics, Genome Institute of Singapore, Singapore 138672, Singapore.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, Charité - Universitätsmedizin, 10117 Berlin, Germany.; Department of Psychiatry, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC, USA.; Division of Paediatrics, School of Medicine, The University of Western Australia, Perth, WA 6009, Australia.; School of Psychology, Curtin University, Perth, WA 6102, Australia.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, Charité - Universitätsmedizin, 10117 Berlin, Germany.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, Charité - Universitätsmedizin, 10117 Berlin, Germany.; Department of Medical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.; NORMENT, KG Jebsen Centre for Psychosis Research, Institute of Clinical Medicine, University of Oslo, Ullevål Hospital, N-0424 Oslo, Norway.; NORMENT, KG Jebsen Centre for Psychosis Research, Institute of Clinical Medicine, University of Oslo, Ullevål Hospital, N-0424 Oslo, Norway.; Department of Human Genetics, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour.; Department of Human Genetics, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour.; Department of Psychiatry, Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Medical Center, 6525 GA Nijmegen, The Netherlands.; Pamela Sklar Division of Psychiatric Genomics, Department of Genetics and Genomic Science, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029, USA.; Department of Informatics, University of Bergen, 5020 Bergen, Norway.; Australian Centre for Precision Health, University of South Australia Cancer Research Institute, University of South Australia, Adelaide, South Australia 5000, Australia.; Institute for Molecular Bioscience, The University of Queensland, QLD 4072, Australia.; Queensland Brain Institute, The University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4072, Australia.; Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, Charité - Universitätsmedizin, 10117 Berlin, Germany.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Psychosomatics and Psychotherapy, Center of Mental Health, University Hospital Würzburg, Würzburg, Germany.; Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Centre for Psychiatric Research, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Biomedicine, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cambridge, MA 02114, USA.; Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, Charité - Universitätsmedizin, 10117 Berlin, Germany.
Division of Biotechnology, Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Kashan, Kashan, Iran.; Division of Biotechnology, Department of Cell and Molecular Biology, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Kashan, Kashan, Iran.
South China Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou, China.; Fairy Lake Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; South China Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou, China.; Fairy Lake Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, College of Science, University of Santo Tomas, Manila, Philippines.; Fairy Lake Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Department of Biological Sciences, College of Science, University of Santo Tomas, Manila, Philippines.; South China Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Guangzhou, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Fairy Lake Botanical Garden, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Huck Institutes for Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Huck Institutes for Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.
Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, 1888, Ethiopia.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, 1888, Ethiopia.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, 1888, Ethiopia.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, 1888, Ethiopia.
China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: junyu@big.ac.cn.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: zhangzhang@big.ac.cn.; China National Center for Bioinformation, Beijing 100101, China; National Genomics Data Center & CAS Key Laboratory of Genome Sciences and Information, Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: songshh@big.ac.cn.
Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica snc, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica snc, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica snc, 00133 Rome, Italy.; Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology (FaBiT), University of Bologna Alma Mater, Via Belmeloro 6, 40126 Bologna, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica snc, 00133 Rome, Italy.; IIGM - Italian Institute for Genomic Medicine, c/o IRCSS Candiolo,10060 Torino, Italy.; Centre for Molecular Bioinformatics, Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica snc, 00133 Rome, Italy.
Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, P.R. China.; Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, P.R. China.; Department of Pathology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, P.R. China.; Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, P.R. China.
Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), Hospital Clínic - University of Barcelona, Barcelona, 08036, Spain.; Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), Hospital Clínic - University of Barcelona, Barcelona, 08036, Spain.; Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), Hospital Clínic - University of Barcelona, Barcelona, 08036, Spain.; Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), Hospital Clínic - University of Barcelona, Barcelona, 08036, Spain.
Illinois Informatics Institute, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Chemistry and the Beckman Institute, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.; Illinois Informatics Institute, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Animal Sciences, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Statistics, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Pharmacoinformatics Group, Research Program on Biomedical Informatics (IMIM/UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Medical Statistics Group, Facultat de Ciències i Tecnologia, UVIC-UCC, 08500 Vic, Barcelona, Spain.
Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San Diego School of Medicine, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San Diego School of Medicine, La Jolla, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Cell Biology, Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, and Regeneration Next Initiative, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27710, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, The University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, The University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, The University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.
Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5S 1A8, Canada.; Genetics and Genome Biology, SickKids Research Institute, Toronto, ON, M5G 0A4, Canada.; Genetics and Genome Biology, SickKids Research Institute, Toronto, ON, M5G 0A4, Canada.; Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5S 1A8, Canada.; Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5S 1A8, Canada.; Department of Medical Biophysics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5G 1L7, Canada.; Department of Cell and Systems Biology, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5S 3G5, Canada.; Genetics and Genome Biology, SickKids Research Institute, Toronto, ON, M5G 0A4, Canada.; Department of Molecular Genetics, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, M5S 1A8, Canada.
Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Southern University of Science and Technology School of Medicine, China.; Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Peking University People's Hospital, Beijing, China.; Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Shandong First Medical University, China.; Shandong First Medical University, China.; Shandong First Medical University, China.; Shandong First Medical University, China.; University of Sydney, Australia.; Shandong First Medical University, China.
Department of Electrical, Computer and Biomedical Engineering, University of Pavia, Italy.; IRCCS Istituti Clinici Scientifici Maugeri, Pavia, Italy.; IRCCS Istituti Clinici Scientifici Maugeri, Pavia, Italy.; Department of Electrical, Computer and Biomedical Engineering, University of Pavia, Italy.; IRCCS Istituti Clinici Scientifici Maugeri, Pavia, Italy.
Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Huck Institutes for Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Huck Institutes for Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.
Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Huck Institutes for Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics and Genomics, The Huck Institutes for Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA 16802, USA.; Institute of Biophysics, Johannes Kepler University, 4020 Linz, Austria.
State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Key Laboratory of Mental Health of the Ministry of Education, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Center for Brain Science and Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Center for Precision Medicine, Shunde Hospital, Southern Medical University, Foshan, Guangdong, 528399, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Key Laboratory of Mental Health of the Ministry of Education, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Center for Brain Science and Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Microbiome Medicine Center, Division of Laboratory Medicine, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510282, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Key Laboratory of Mental Health of the Ministry of Education, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Center for Brain Science and Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Center for Precision Medicine, Shunde Hospital, Southern Medical University, Foshan, Guangdong, 528399, China.; Microbiome Medicine Center, Division of Laboratory Medicine, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510282, China.; Department of Pathology, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Department of Pathology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; State Key Laboratory of Organ Failure Research, National Clinical Research Center for Kidney Disease, Division of Nephrology, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, 510515, China.; Center for Biomedical Informatics, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Key Laboratory of Mental Health of the Ministry of Education, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Center for Brain Science and Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510515, China.; Center for Precision Medicine, Shunde Hospital, Southern Medical University, Foshan, Guangdong, 528399, China.
Department of fundamental sciences, School of Medicine, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Human Pathologies Biology, Department of Biology, Faculty of Sciences, and Genomic Center of Human Pathologies, Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy, University Mohammed V, Rabat, Morocco.; School of Medicine and Pharmacy, University Abdelmalek Essaâdi, Tangier, Morocco.; Laboratory of Human Pathologies Biology, Department of Biology, Faculty of Sciences, and Genomic Center of Human Pathologies, Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy, University Mohammed V, Rabat, Morocco.; Department of Surgery, School of medicine, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences, Casablanca, Morocco.; Environmental Health Laboratory, Department of Research, Institut Pasteur Du Maroc, Casablanca, Morocco.; Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, International School of Public Health, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences, Casablanca, Morocco.; Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Faculty of Medicine, University Sidi Mohammed Ben Abdellah, Fez, Morocco.; Laboratory of Human Pathologies Biology, Department of Biology, Faculty of Sciences, and Genomic Center of Human Pathologies, Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy, University Mohammed V, Rabat, Morocco.; Department of fundamental sciences, School of Medicine, Mohammed VI University of Health Sciences, Casablanca, Morocco.; Scientific Department, National Centre for Scientific and Technical Research, Rabat, Morocco.
Department of Cell Biology and Genetics, University of Lagos, Lagos, Nigeria.; Molecular Genetics Unit, Institute of Child Health, College of Medicine, University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Nigeria.; Department of Cell Biology and Genetics, University of Lagos, Lagos, Nigeria.; Department of Chemistry, University of Ilorin, Ilorin, Nigeria.; Department of Veterinary Pathology, University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Nigeria.; Department of Veterinary Pathology, University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Nigeria.; School of Veterinary Medicine, Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Kumasi, Ghana.
Research Organization of Science and Technology, Ritsumeikan University, Kusatsu, Shiga, Japan.; Advanced Life Sciences Program, Graduate School of Life Sciences, Ritsumeikan University, Kusatsu, Shiga, Japan.; Advanced Life Sciences Program, Graduate School of Life Sciences, Ritsumeikan University, Kusatsu, Shiga, Japan.; Department of Bioinformatics, College of Life Sciences, Ritsumeikan University, Kusatsu, Shiga, Japan.; Advanced Life Sciences Program, Graduate School of Life Sciences, Ritsumeikan University, Kusatsu, Shiga, Japan.; Department of Bioinformatics, College of Life Sciences, Ritsumeikan University, Kusatsu, Shiga, Japan.
School of Biotechnology, International University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; School of Biotechnology, International University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; School of Biotechnology, International University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Vingroup Big Data Institute, Hanoi, Vietnam.
Univ. Lille, Inserm, Institut Pasteur de Lille, U1177 Drugs and Molecules for Living Systems, F-59000 Lille, France.; Univ. Lille, Inserm, Institut Pasteur de Lille, U1177 Drugs and Molecules for Living Systems, F-59000 Lille, France.; Univ. Lille, Inserm, Institut Pasteur de Lille, U1177 Drugs and Molecules for Living Systems, F-59000 Lille, France.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Finland.; Haartman Institute, University of Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Finland.; Biotech Research & Innovation Centre (BRIC), University of Copenhagen, Denmark.; Faculty of medicine, University of Helsinki, Finland.; Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), University of Helsinki, Finland.

School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518055, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518055, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518055, China.; School of Computer Science and Technology, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing 100081, China.; Advanced Research Institute of Multidisciplinary Science, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing 100081, China.

Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Key Laboratory of Intelligent Manufacturing Technology of Ministry of Education, Shantou University.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau.; School of Artificial Intelligence, Jilin University.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Bond Life Science Center, University of Missouri.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University.; Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Macau.
Department of Medical Sciences of the University of Turin, Italy.; MAPS Department at the University of Padova, Italy.; Department of Biology of the University of Padova, Italy.; Department of Physics of the University of Padova, Italy.
Institute of Oral Biology, Faculty of Dentistry, University of Oslo, 0372 Oslo, Norway.; Institute of Oral Biology, Faculty of Dentistry, University of Oslo, 0372 Oslo, Norway.; Department of Microbiology, The Forsyth Institute, 02142 Cambridge, MA, USA.; Institute of Oral Biology, Faculty of Dentistry, University of Oslo, 0372 Oslo, Norway.
Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Okubo, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Okubo, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.
Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, Institute for Medical Research Israel Canada, Faculty of Medicine, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ein Kerem, Jerusalem 91120, Israel.; Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, Institute for Medical Research Israel Canada, Faculty of Medicine, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ein Kerem, Jerusalem 91120, Israel.; Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, Institute for Medical Research Israel Canada, Faculty of Medicine, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ein Kerem, Jerusalem 91120, Israel.
Network Biology Lab, Centro Genómica y Bioinformática, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Mayor, Santiago, 8580745 Santiago.; Department of Chemical and Bioprocess Engineering, School of Engineering, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, 7820436, Chile.; Department of Chemical and Bioprocess Engineering, School of Engineering, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, 7820436, Chile.; Network Biology Lab, Centro Genómica y Bioinformática, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Mayor, Santiago, 8580745 Santiago.
Laboratory of Structural Bioinformatics, Centre of New Technologies, University of Warsaw, 02-097, Warsaw, Poland.; Laboratory of Structural Bioinformatics, Centre of New Technologies, University of Warsaw, 02-097, Warsaw, Poland.; Molecular Prospecting and Bioinformatics Group, Laboratory of Immunopathology Keizo Asami, Federal University of Pernambuco, 50670-901, Recife, Brazil.; Laboratory of Structural Bioinformatics, Centre of New Technologies, University of Warsaw, 02-097, Warsaw, Poland.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology, Pasteura 3, 02-093, Warsaw, Poland.; Laboratory of Structural Bioinformatics, Centre of New Technologies, University of Warsaw, 02-097, Warsaw, Poland.
Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.; Department of Plant Systems Biology, VIB, Ghent, Belgium.
Innovation and Technology, Melbourne Genomics Health Alliance, Parkville, 3052, Australia.; Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, 3052, Australia.; Innovation and Technology, Melbourne Genomics Health Alliance, Parkville, 3052, Australia.; Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research, Parkville, 3052, Australia.; Murdoch Children's Research Institute, Parkville, 3052, Australia.; The University of Melbourne, Parkville, 3052, Australia.
Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, 60-965, Poland.; Saxon Institute for Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning, University of Applied Sciences Mittweida, Mittweida, 09648, Germany.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, 60-965, Poland.; Saxon Institute for Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning, University of Applied Sciences Mittweida, Mittweida, 09648, Germany.; Saxon Institute for Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning, University of Applied Sciences Mittweida, Mittweida, 09648, Germany.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, 61-704, Poland.; Saxon Institute for Computational Intelligence and Machine Learning, University of Applied Sciences Mittweida, Mittweida, 09648, Germany.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, 61-704, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Poznan, 60-965, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, 61-704, Poland.
LIRMM, University of Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France.; LIRMM, University of Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France.; SPYGEN, 17 Rue du Lac Saint-André, Le Bourget-du-Lac, France.; LIRMM, University of Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France.; LIRMM, University of Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France.; LIRMM, University of Montpellier, CNRS, Montpellier, France.
Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, Suita 565-0871, Japan.; Department of Statistical Genetics, Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, Suita 565-0871, Japan.; Laboratory of Statistical Immunology, Immunology Frontier Research Center (WPI-IFReC), Osaka University, Suita 565-0871, Japan.; Integrated Frontier Research for Medical Science Division, Institute for Open and Transdisciplinary Research Initiatives, Osaka University, Suita 565-0871, Japan.
Department of Medical Sciences, University of Torino, Via Santena, 19, 10126, Torino, Italy.; BioFolD Unit, Department of Pharmacy and Biotechnology (FaBiT), University of Bologna, Via Selmi 3, 40126, Bologna, Italy.; Department of Medical Sciences, University of Torino, Via Santena, 19, 10126, Torino, Italy.
Google Health, Cambridge, MA 02142 and Palo Alto, CA, USA.; Google Health, Cambridge, MA 02142 and Palo Alto, CA, USA.; Google Health, Cambridge, MA 02142 and Palo Alto, CA, USA.; mlin.net LLC, Honolulu, HI, USA.; Google Health, Cambridge, MA 02142 and Palo Alto, CA, USA.; Google Health, Cambridge, MA 02142 and Palo Alto, CA, USA.
Institute of Fundamental and Frontier Sciences, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.; Center for Bioinformatics, School of Life Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, 150000, China.; Institute of Fundamental and Frontier Sciences, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.; Center for Informational Biology, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.; Yangtze Delta Region Institute (Quzhou), University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Quzhou, Zhejiang, China.; Center for Bioinformatics, School of Life Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, 150000, China.
Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique-Département Biologie Computationnelle, Institut Pasteur, USR 3756 CNRS, Paris, France.; Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, Paris, 75015, France.; Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, Paris, 75015, France.; Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, Paris, 75015, France.; Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, Paris, 75015, France.; Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique-Département Biologie Computationnelle, Institut Pasteur, USR 3756 CNRS, Paris, France.; Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique-Département Biologie Computationnelle, Institut Pasteur, USR 3756 CNRS, Paris, France.; Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique-Département Biologie Computationnelle, Institut Pasteur, USR 3756 CNRS, Paris, France.; Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, Paris, 75015, France.; Hub de Bioinformatique et Biostatistique-Département Biologie Computationnelle, Institut Pasteur, USR 3756 CNRS, Paris, France.; Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, Paris, 75015, France.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Nankai University, Tianjin, 300071, China.; Center for Applied Mathematics, Tianjin University, Tianjin, 300072, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, Nankai University, Tianjin, 300071, China.
Laboratory of General Biology, School of Medicine, University of Patras, Patras, Greece.; Metabolic Engineering and Systems Biology Laboratory, Institute of Chemical Engineering Sciences, Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas (FORTH/ICE-HT), Patras, Greece.; Metabolic Engineering and Systems Biology Laboratory, Institute of Chemical Engineering Sciences, Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas (FORTH/ICE-HT), Patras, Greece.; Laboratory of General Biology, School of Medicine, University of Patras, Patras, Greece.; Metabolic Engineering and Systems Biology Laboratory, Institute of Chemical Engineering Sciences, Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas (FORTH/ICE-HT), Patras, Greece.
Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.; Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Plant Biotechnology, Ecology and Ecosystem Valorization, Faculty of Sciences El Jadida, Chouaïb Doukkali University, El Jadida, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Laboratory of Health and Environment, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.
Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Tree Breeding by Molecular Design, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Tree Breeding by Molecular Design, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Tree Breeding by Molecular Design, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Tree Breeding by Molecular Design, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Laboratory of Urban and Rural Ecological Environment, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Tree Breeding by Molecular Design, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Laboratory of Urban and Rural Ecological Environment, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Advanced Innovation Center for Tree Breeding by Molecular Design, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; College of Landscape Architecture, Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, People's Republic of China.; Beijing Laboratory of Urban and Rural Ecological Environment, Beijing, People's Republic of China.
Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Faculty of Technology, Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.; Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, D-33501 Bielefeld, Germany.
Department of Laboratory, People's Hospital of Yuxi City, Yuxi City, Yunnan Province, P.R. China.; Department of Laboratory, People's Hospital of Yuxi City, Yuxi City, Yunnan Province, P.R. China.; Department of Laboratory, People's Hospital of Yuxi City, Yuxi City, Yunnan Province, P.R. China.; Department of Laboratory, People's Hospital of Yuxi City, Yuxi City, Yunnan Province, P.R. China.; Department of Laboratory, People's Hospital of Yuxi City, Yuxi City, Yunnan Province, P.R. China.
INSERM U1141, NeuroDiderot, Université de Paris, Hôpital Robert-Debré, Paris, F-75019, France.; Université Paris Est Créteil, INSERM U955, IMRB, Laboratoire Neuropsychiatrie Translationnelle, AP-HP, Département Medico-Universitaire de Psychiatrie et d'Addictologie (DMU ADAPT), Hôpital Henri Mondor, Fondation FondaMental, Créteil, F-94010, France.; Université Paris Est Créteil, INSERM U955, IMRB, Laboratoire Neuropsychiatrie Translationnelle, AP-HP, Département Medico-Universitaire de Psychiatrie et d'Addictologie (DMU ADAPT), Hôpital Henri Mondor, Fondation FondaMental, Créteil, F-94010, France.; Université Paris Est Créteil, INSERM U955, IMRB, Laboratoire Neuropsychiatrie Translationnelle, AP-HP, Département Medico-Universitaire de Psychiatrie et d'Addictologie (DMU ADAPT), Hôpital Henri Mondor, Fondation FondaMental, Créteil, F-94010, France.; INSERM U1138, Centre de Recherche des Cordeliers, Université de Paris, Paris, 75006, France.
Department of Signal Theory, Telematics and Communications, University of Granada, 18071 Granada, Spain.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, 2628XE Delft, The Netherlands.; Keygene N.V., 6708PW Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, 2628XE Delft, The Netherlands.; Keygene N.V., 6708PW Wageningen, The Netherlands.; Department of Signal Theory, Telematics and Communications, University of Granada, 18071 Granada, Spain.; Department of Signal Theory, Telematics and Communications, University of Granada, 18071 Granada, Spain.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, 2628XE Delft, The Netherlands.; Leiden Computational Biology Center, Leiden University Medical Center, 2333ZC Leiden, The Netherlands.
Department of Information Technology, Uppsala University, 751 05 Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Information Technology, Uppsala University, 751 05 Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Information Technology, Uppsala University, 751 05 Uppsala, Sweden.
Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, China.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; College of Mathematics and Informatics, Digital Fujian Institute of Big Data Security Technology, Fujian Normal University, China.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, China.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; College of Mathematics and Informatics, Digital Fujian Institute of Big Data Security Technology, Fujian Normal University, China.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.; Clinical Research Institute, Zhejiang Provincial People's Hospital, People's Hospital of Hangzhou Medical College, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang.; Zhejiang Provincial Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine, Key Laboratory of Structural Biology of Zhejiang Province, School of Life Sciences, Westlake University, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Province.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Westlake Institute for Advanced Study, 18 Shilongshan Road, Hangzhou, China Zhejiang Province.
Quantitative and Computational Biology, Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Quantitative and Computational Biology, Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Quantitative and Computational Biology, Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Quantitative and Computational Biology, Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, Am Fassberg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.
Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School,The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.; Department of Developmental Biology and Cancer Research, Institute for Medical Research Israel-Canada and Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem 9112001, Israel.
Department of Biomedical Sciences, BK21 Plus Biomedical Science Project, Seoul National University College of Medicine, Seoul 03080, Republic of Korea.; Division of Genetics, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Center for Data Sciences, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Division of Rheumatology, Inflammation, and Immunity, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Division of Genetics, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Program in Medical and Population Genetics, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Center for Data Sciences, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Division of Rheumatology, Inflammation, and Immunity, Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.; Centre for Genetics and Genomics Versus Arthritis, Manchester Academic Health Science Centre, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.; Department of Biomedical Sciences, BK21 Plus Biomedical Science Project, Seoul National University College of Medicine, Seoul 03080, Republic of Korea.
Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Genome Sciences Centre, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Department of Microbiology & Immunology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.; Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Genome Sciences Centre, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Genome Science and Technology Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z4, Canada.; ECOSCOPE Training Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.
Department of Medical Education, Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine, Scranton, PA 18510, USA.; Department of Medical Education, Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine, Scranton, PA 18510, USA.; Biozentrum, University of Basel and SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland.; Department of Medical Education, Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine, Scranton, PA 18510, USA.
Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08005, Catalonia, Spain.; Departament de Genètica, Microbiologia i Estadística, Universitat de Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Catalonia, Spain.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08005, Catalonia, Spain.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08005, Catalonia, Spain.; Electronic and Atomic Protein Modeling, Life Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Catalonia, Spain.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08005, Catalonia, Spain.; Institut für Theoritische Physik, School of Mathematics, Computer Science and Physics, Universität Innsbruck. A-6020 Innsbruck, Austria.; Institute of Biological, Environmental and Rural Sciences, Aberystwyth University, SY233EB Aberystwyth, United Kingdom.; Structural Bioinformatics Lab (GRIB-IMIM), Department of Experimental and Health Science, University Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona 08005, Catalonia, Spain.
Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology and Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.
Department of Biology at the Howard University, 415 College St. NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Department of Biology at the Howard University, 415 College St. NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Department of Biology at the Howard University, 415 College St. NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Howard University College of Medicine, 520 W Street NW, Washington, DC 20059.; Howard University College of Medicine, 520 W Street NW, Washington, DC 20059.
Quantitative Genetics and Genomics of Plants, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf 40225, Germany.; Quantitative Genetics and Genomics of Plants, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf 40225, Germany.; Quantitative Genetics and Genomics of Plants, Heinrich Heine University, Düsseldorf 40225, Germany.
Génomique Métabolique, Genoscope, Institut François Jacob, CEA, CNRS, Univ Evry, Université Paris-Saclay, 91057 Evry, France.; Génomique Métabolique, Genoscope, Institut François Jacob, CEA, CNRS, Univ Evry, Université Paris-Saclay, 91057 Evry, France.
CNC-Center for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, Institute for Interdisciplinary Research (IIIUC), University of Coimbra, 3004-504 Coimbra, Portugal.; MIT-Department of Chemical Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; CNC-Center for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, Institute for Interdisciplinary Research (IIIUC), University of Coimbra, 3004-504 Coimbra, Portugal.; MIT-Department of Chemical Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; CNC-Center for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, Institute for Interdisciplinary Research (IIIUC), University of Coimbra, 3004-504 Coimbra, Portugal.
Department of Genetics and Bioinformatics, Norwegian Institute of Public Health, 0473, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Global Public Health and Primary Care, University of Bergen, 5006, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Global Public Health and Primary Care, University of Bergen, 5006, Bergen, Norway.; Centre for Fertility and Health (CeFH), Norwegian Institute of Public Health, 0473, Oslo, Norway.; Epidemiology Branch and Epigenetics and Stem Cell Biology Laboratory, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIH/NIEHS), 27709, Durham, North Carolina, USA.; Epidemiology Branch, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIH/NIEHS), 27709, Durham, North Carolina, USA.; Department of Global Public Health and Primary Care, University of Bergen, 5006, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Global Public Health and Primary Care, University of Bergen, 5006, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Genetics and Bioinformatics, Norwegian Institute of Public Health, 0473, Oslo, Norway.
Instituto de Parasitología y Biomedicina López-Neyra (IPBLN), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, 18016 Granada, Spain.; Institute of Biodiversity, Animal Health and Comparative Medicine, College of Medical, Veterinary and Life Science, University of Glasgow, Glasgow G12 8QQ, UK.; Instituto de Parasitología y Biomedicina López-Neyra (IPBLN), Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, 18016 Granada, Spain.
Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Kashiwa 277-8561, Japan.; Department of Computational Biology and Medical Sciences, Graduate School of Frontier Sciences, University of Tokyo, Kashiwa 277-8561, Japan.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 135-0064, Japan.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Bioscience, Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Institute for Medical-oriented Structural Biology, Waseda University, Tokyo 162-8480, Japan.; Graduate School of Medicine, Nippon Medical School, Tokyo 113-8602, Japan.
Institut de Recherche Mathématique Avancée, CNRS UMR 7501, Labex IRMIA, Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Université de Technologie de Troyes, ICD, ROSAS, M2S, Troyes, France.; ImmunoRhumatologie Moléculaire, INSERM UMR_S 1109, LabEx TRANSPLANTEX, Centre de Recherche d'Immunologie et d'Hématologie, Fédération de Médecine Translationnelle de Strasbourg (FMTS), Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Laboratoire International Associé (LIA) INSERM, Strasbourg (France) - Nagano (Japan), Strasbourg, France.; Fédération Hospitalo-Universitaire (FHU) OMICARE, Laboratoire Central d'Immunologie, Pôle de Biologie, Nouvel Hôpital Civil, Hôpitaux Universitaires de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Institut de Recherche Mathématique Avancée, CNRS UMR 7501, Labex IRMIA, Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; ImmunoRhumatologie Moléculaire, INSERM UMR_S 1109, LabEx TRANSPLANTEX, Centre de Recherche d'Immunologie et d'Hématologie, Fédération de Médecine Translationnelle de Strasbourg (FMTS), Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; ImmunoRhumatologie Moléculaire, INSERM UMR_S 1109, LabEx TRANSPLANTEX, Centre de Recherche d'Immunologie et d'Hématologie, Fédération de Médecine Translationnelle de Strasbourg (FMTS), Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Laboratoire International Associé (LIA) INSERM, Strasbourg (France) - Nagano (Japan), Strasbourg, France.; Fédération Hospitalo-Universitaire (FHU) OMICARE, Laboratoire Central d'Immunologie, Pôle de Biologie, Nouvel Hôpital Civil, Hôpitaux Universitaires de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; ImmunoRhumatologie Moléculaire, INSERM UMR_S 1109, LabEx TRANSPLANTEX, Centre de Recherche d'Immunologie et d'Hématologie, Fédération de Médecine Translationnelle de Strasbourg (FMTS), Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Fédération Hospitalo-Universitaire (FHU) OMICARE, Laboratoire Central d'Immunologie, Pôle de Biologie, Nouvel Hôpital Civil, Hôpitaux Universitaires de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; ImmunoRhumatologie Moléculaire, INSERM UMR_S 1109, LabEx TRANSPLANTEX, Centre de Recherche d'Immunologie et d'Hématologie, Fédération de Médecine Translationnelle de Strasbourg (FMTS), Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Laboratoire International Associé (LIA) INSERM, Strasbourg (France) - Nagano (Japan), Strasbourg, France.; Fédération Hospitalo-Universitaire (FHU) OMICARE, Laboratoire Central d'Immunologie, Pôle de Biologie, Nouvel Hôpital Civil, Hôpitaux Universitaires de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.; Institut de Recherche Mathématique Avancée, CNRS UMR 7501, Labex IRMIA, Université de Strasbourg, Strasbourg, France.
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford 02155, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford 02155, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, Medford 02155, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Tufts University, Medford 02155, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.; Department of Philosophy, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; School of Mathematics and Statistics, The University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC 3010, Australia.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.; Department of Philosophy, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Australia School of Computer Science, The University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.; Department of Philosophy, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.
Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.; Graduate Program in Bioinformatics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.; Department of Microbiology & Immunology, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.; Genome Science and Technology Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.; Life Sciences Institute, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.; ECOSCOPE Training Program, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z3, Canada.
Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.; Biotechnology Research Centre, Department of Biological Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Nigeria.
Health Sciences Division, Abu Dhabi Women's College, Higher Colleges of Technology, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.; Department of Land Management, Faculty of Agriculture, Universiti Putra Malaysia, Selangor, Malaysia.; School of Pharmacy, Monash University Malaysia, Subang Jaya, Malaysia.; Health Sciences Division, Abu Dhabi Women's College, Higher Colleges of Technology, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.; Health Sciences Division, Abu Dhabi Women's College, Higher Colleges of Technology, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.; Health Sciences Division, Abu Dhabi Women's College, Higher Colleges of Technology, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology, University of Massachusetts Medical School, Worcester, MA, USA.
Center for Public Health Genomics, University of Virginia, Virginia, 22908, USA.; Center for Public Health Genomics, University of Virginia, Virginia, 22908, USA.; Center for Public Health Genomics, University of Virginia, Virginia, 22908, USA.
School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; Independent Scholar, India.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; Monash Bioinformatics Platform, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; Monash Bioinformatics Platform, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.; School of Biological Sciences, Monash University, VIC 3800, Australia.
Rita Levi Montalcini Department of Neuroscience, University of Torino, Torino 10125, Italy.; Rita Levi Montalcini Department of Neuroscience, University of Torino, Torino 10125, Italy.
Department of Computer Science, University of Memphis, Memphis, TN 38152, USA.; Department of Health Sciences Research, Center for Individualized Medicine, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN 55905, USA.
Department of Computing, Goldsmiths, University of London, London, UK.; London Geometry, Ltd., London, UK.; London Geometry, Ltd., London, UK.; Analysis, Visualization and Informatics, MRC Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine, Oxford, UK.; Genome Biology Group, MRC WIMM Centre for Computational Biology, MRC Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine, Oxford, UK.; The Francis Crick Institute, Chromosome Segregation Laboratory, London, UK.; Department of Computing, Goldsmiths, University of London, London, UK.; London Geometry, Ltd., London, UK.; Department of Computing, Goldsmiths, University of London, London, UK.; London Geometry, Ltd., London, UK.; Analysis, Visualization and Informatics, MRC Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine, Oxford, UK.
Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1025, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1025, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1025, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1025, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1025, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.; Institute of Bioengineering, School of Life Sciences, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne 1025, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Lausanne 1015, Switzerland.
Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Neurogenetics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Laboratory of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, Democritus University of Thrace, Greece.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, BSRC "Alexander Fleming", Vari, Greece.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, BSRC "Alexander Fleming", Vari, Greece.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Neurogenetics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Neuroepidemiology Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Cancer Genetics, Therapeutics … Ultrastructural Pathology, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Neuroimmunology Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; Department of Molecular Virology, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Department of Molecular Virology, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Medical School, University of Nicosia, Cyprus.; University Hospitals Bristol and Weston NHS Foundation Trust, United Kingdom.; Laboratory of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, Democritus University of Thrace, Greece.; Experimental Pharmacology Laboratory, Medical School, University of Cyprus, Cyprus.; Bioinformatics Department, The Cyprus Institute of Neurology and Genetics, Cyprus.; The Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.
Department of Biostatistics, School of Public Health, Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Shandong 250002, P. R. China.; National institute of health data science of China, Shandong University, Shandong 250002, P. R. China.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; Department of Biostatistics, School of Public Health, Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Shandong 250002, P. R. China.; National institute of health data science of China, Shandong University, Shandong 250002, P. R. China.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; AIMMS - Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.; IBIVU - Center for Integrative Bioinformatics, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, Amsterdam 1081HV, The Netherlands.; AIMMS - Amsterdam Institute for Molecules Medicines and Systems, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.


Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences.; Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Department Computational Biology of Infection Research of the Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research.; Institute of Virology in Hannover Medical School.; Department Computational Biology of Infection Research of the Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research.; Institute of Virology in Hannover Medical School.; Department Computational Biology of Infection Research of the Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research and Max von Pettenkofer Institute in Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.; Institute of Virology in Hannover Medical School.; Institute of Virology in Hannover Medical School.; Institute of Virology in Hannover Medical School.; Department Computational Biology of Infection Research of the Helmholtz Centre for Infection Research.

Beijing Institute of Ratiation Medicine, Department of Biotechnology.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine.; Beijing Institute of Ratiation Medicine, Department of Biotechnology.; Beijing Institute of Ratiation Medicine, Department of Biotechnology.; Beijing Institute of Ratiation Medicine, Department of Biotechnology.; Beijing Institute of Ratiation Medicine, Department of Biotechnology.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine.; Peking-Tsinghua Center for Life Sciences, School of Life Sciences, Peking University. He is also a Professor at the Center for Statistical Science and the Center for Bioinformatics in Peking University.; MOE Key Laboratory of Bioinformatics, Bioinformatics Division and Center for Synthetic & Systems Biology, TNLIST, School of Medicine and Department of Automation in Tsinghua University.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine.

Department of Statistics, Ludwig Maximilian University, Munich, 80539, Germany.; Institute for Medical Information Processing, Biometry, and Epidemiology, Ludwig Maximilian University, Munich, 81377, Germany.; Institute for Medical Information Processing, Biometry, and Epidemiology, Ludwig Maximilian University, Munich, 81377, Germany.; Institute for Medical Information Processing, Biometry, and Epidemiology, Ludwig Maximilian University, Munich, 81377, Germany.; Institute for Medical Information Processing, Biometry, and Epidemiology, Ludwig Maximilian University, Munich, 81377, Germany.

Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nevada, Reno, NV 89557.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nevada, Reno, NV 89557.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nevada, Reno, NV 89557.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nevada, Reno, NV 89557.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nevada, Reno, NV 89557.
Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.; Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.; Burnett School of Biomedical Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.; Computer Science, University of Central Florida, Orlando, FL 32816, USA.
Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Noskowskiego 12/14, 61-704 Poznan, Poland.; Institute of Computing Science and European Centre for Bioinformatics and Genomics, Poznan University of Technology, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan, Poland.
Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), Madrid, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), Madrid, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), Madrid, Spain.; Cardiovascular Proteomics Laboratory, Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), Madrid, Spain.; Somatic Evolution Group, Wellcome Sanger Institute, Hinxton CB10 1SA, UK.; Cardiovascular Proteomics Laboratory, Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid, Spain.; Bioinformatics Unit, Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO), Madrid, Spain.
Division of Gene Regulation, Oncode Institute and The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Gene Regulation, Oncode Institute and The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Cell Biology, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Gene Regulation, Oncode Institute and The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Cell Biology, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.; Division of Gene Regulation, Oncode Institute and The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Plesmanlaan 121, 1066 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Roy J. Carver Department of Biophysics, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Roy J. Carver Department of Biophysics, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Roy J. Carver Department of Biophysics, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Roy J. Carver Department of Biophysics, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.; Department of Chemistry, The Scripps Research Institute, Jupiter, FL 33458, USA.; Department of Chemistry, The Scripps Research Institute, Jupiter, FL 33458, USA.; Department of Chemistry, The Scripps Research Institute, Jupiter, FL 33458, USA.; Roy J. Carver Department of Biophysics, Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
St. Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Rockefeller Branch, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Necker Branch, INSERM U1163, Necker Hospital for Sick Children, 75015 Paris, France.; Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Necker Branch, INSERM U1163, Necker Hospital for Sick Children, 75015 Paris, France.; Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Necker Branch, INSERM U1163, Necker Hospital for Sick Children, 75015 Paris, France.; Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Necker Branch, INSERM U1163, Necker Hospital for Sick Children, 75015 Paris, France.; St. Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Rockefeller Branch, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Laboratory of Neuroendocrinology, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; St. Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Rockefeller Branch, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; St. Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Rockefeller Branch, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; St. Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Rockefeller Branch, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; St. Giles Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Rockefeller Branch, The Rockefeller University, New York, NY 10065, USA.; Laboratory of Human Genetics of Infectious Diseases, Necker Branch, INSERM U1163, Necker Hospital for Sick Children, 75015 Paris, France.
National Bioinformatics Infrastructure Sweden (NBIS), Science for Life Laboratory, Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, 10691 Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Immunotechnology, Lund University, Lund, Sweden.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China.; Center for Applied Mathematics, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300072, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China.
College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ 85004, USA.; Center for Personalized Diagnostics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.; College of Health Solutions, Arizona State University, Phoenix, AZ 85004, USA.; Center for Personalized Diagnostics, Biodesign Institute, Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ 85281, USA.; Center for Integrative Genomics, School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.; Institute for Genomics and Evolutionary Medicine, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA 19122, USA.; Institute for Genomics and Evolutionary Medicine, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA 19122, USA.; Department of Biology, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA 19122, USA.; Center for Excellence in Genome Medicine and Research, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah 21589, Saudi Arabia.; Center for Integrative Genomics, School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA.
Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin - Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA.; Departments of Pathology and Urology, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA.; Stony Brook Cancer Center, Stony Brook Medicine, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin - Madison, Madison, WI 53706, USA.; Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin - Madison, Madison, WI 53705, USA.
Gene Probe, Inc., 1106 Wrights Mill Ct, Atlanta, GA 30324, USA.; Enterome, 94/96 avenue Ledru-Rollin, 75011 Paris, France.; Enterome, 94/96 avenue Ledru-Rollin, 75011 Paris, France.; Gene Probe, Inc., 1106 Wrights Mill Ct, Atlanta, GA 30324, USA.
Key Laboratory of Adaptation and Evolution of Plateau Biota, Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Kunlun College of Qinghai University, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Qinghai Provincial Key Laboratory of Animal Ecological Genomics, Xining, Qinghai, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Adaptation and Evolution of Plateau Biota, Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Qinghai Provincial Key Laboratory of Animal Ecological Genomics, Xining, Qinghai, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; College of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry, Qinghai University, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Adaptation and Evolution of Plateau Biota, Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Qinghai Provincial Key Laboratory of Animal Ecological Genomics, Xining, Qinghai, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Key Laboratory of Adaptation and Evolution of Plateau Biota, Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Qinghai Provincial Key Laboratory of Animal Ecological Genomics, Xining, Qinghai, China.; College of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry, Qinghai University, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Key Laboratory of Adaptation and Evolution of Plateau Biota, Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Xining, Qinghai, China.; Qinghai Provincial Key Laboratory of Animal Ecological Genomics, Xining, Qinghai, China.
Faculty of Art and Science, Department of Moleculer Biology and Genetics, Bioinformatic Section, Afyon Kocatepe University, Afyonkarahisar, Turkey.
Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, TX, USA.; Institute for Human Infections and Immunity, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, TX, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, TX, USA.; Institute for Human Infections and Immunity, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, TX, USA.
Department of Developmental and Cell Biology.; Center for Complex Biological Systems, UC Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.; Department of Developmental and Cell Biology.; Center for Complex Biological Systems, UC Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697, USA.

Health Intelligence Center.; Human Genome Center.; Advanced Clinical Research Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Advanced Clinical Research Center, Institute of Medical Science, The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan.; Health Intelligence Center.; Human Genome Center.
Computer Architecture Department, Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), University of Malaga, Malaga, Spain.; Computer Architecture Department, Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), University of Malaga, Malaga, Spain.; Computer Architecture Department, Instituto de Investigación Biomédica de Málaga (IBIMA), University of Malaga, Malaga, Spain.
Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Foundation University Medical College, Foundation University Islamabad, Islamabad, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Medical Lab Technology, The University of Haripur (UOH), Haripur, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology (IMBB), The University of Lahore (UOL), Lahore, Pakistan.
Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.
Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.; Biotechnology Program, Environment & Life Sciences Research Center, Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research, Safat, Kuwait.
Key Laboratory of Topical Biological Resources of Ministry of Education, Hainan University, Haikou, China.; School of Life Sciences, Hainan University, Haikou, China.; College of Ecology and Environment, Hainan University, Haikou, China.; School of Life Sciences, Hainan University, Haikou, China.; Central Laboratory, Affiliated Haikou Hospital of Xiangya Medical College, Central South University, Haikou, China.; Key Laboratory of Topical Biological Resources of Ministry of Education, Hainan University, Haikou, China.; School of Life Sciences, Hainan University, Haikou, China.; One Health Institute, Hainan University, Haikou, Hainan, China.
Bioinformatics Research and Development Laboratory, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Precision Medicine Simulation Unit, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Bioinformatics Research and Development Laboratory, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Precision Medicine Simulation Unit, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Precision Medicine Simulation Unit, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Department of Surgery, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Bioinformatics Research and Development Laboratory, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Precision Medicine Simulation Unit, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Clinical and Translational Sciences Institute, Genomic Sciences and Precision Medicine Center, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI 53226, USA.
Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, 9201 University City Boulevard, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, 9201 University City Boulevard, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA.
Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Applied Science, King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok, Bangkok, Thailand.; Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Omics Sciences and Bioinformatics Center, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Omics Sciences and Bioinformatics Center, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Advanced Virtual and Intelligent Computing (AVIC) Center, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Faculty of Science, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.
Department of Neuroscience, Faculty of Advanced Technologies in Medicine, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.; Neuroscience Research Center, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Mashhad, Iran.; Cellular and Molecular Research Center, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.; Neuroscience Research Center, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Mashhad, Iran.; Department of Neurology, School of Medicine, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Mashhad, Iran.; Department of Neuroscience, Faculty of Advanced Technologies in Medicine, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.; Cellular and Molecular Research Center, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.; Neuroscience Research Center, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Mashhad, Iran.; Department of Neuroscience, Faculty of Medicine, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences, Mashhad, Iran.; Shefa Neuroscience Research Center, Khatam Alanbia Hospital, Tehran, Iran.; Society for Brain Mapping and Therapeutics (SBMT), Iranian Chapter, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.; Key Lab of Intelligent Information Process, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of California, Riverside, CA 92521, USA.
Raymond G. Perelman Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.; Center for Psychiatric Genetics, NorthShore University HealthSystem, Evanston, IL 60201, USA.; Raymond G. Perelman Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.; IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.; IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.; SeqOne, 34000, Montpellier, France.; IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.; IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.; SeqOne, 34000, Montpellier, France.; IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.; Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell, CEA, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, 91198, Gif sur Yvette, France.; Institute for Integrative Biology of the Cell, CEA, CNRS, Université Paris-Saclay, 91198, Gif sur Yvette, France.; IRMB, University of Montpellier, INSERM, 80 rue Augustin Fliche, 34295, Montpellier, France.
Department of Biotechnology, Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel, Nepal.; Department of Biotechnology, Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel, Nepal.; Department of Biotechnology, Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel, Nepal.; Department of Biotechnology, Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel, Nepal.; Department of Biotechnology, Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel, Nepal.; Department of Biotechnology, Kathmandu University, Dhulikhel, Nepal.
Computational Genomics Lab, Structural Biology and Bioinformatics Division, CSIR Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), Ghaziabad, India.; Computational Genomics Lab, Structural Biology and Bioinformatics Division, CSIR Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata, India.; Computational Genomics Lab, Structural Biology and Bioinformatics Division, CSIR Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), Ghaziabad, India.; Computational Genomics Lab, Structural Biology and Bioinformatics Division, CSIR Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), Ghaziabad, India.; Computational Genomics Lab, Structural Biology and Bioinformatics Division, CSIR Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata, India.; Computational Genomics Lab, Structural Biology and Bioinformatics Division, CSIR Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Kolkata, India.; Academy of Scientific and Innovative Research (AcSIR), Ghaziabad, India.
Department of Genetics, Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Omics Center for Agriculture, Bioresources, Food and Health, Kasetsart University (OmiKU), Bangkok, Thailand.; Omics Center for Agriculture, Bioresources, Food and Health, Kasetsart University (OmiKU), Bangkok, Thailand.; Department of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Department of Genetics, Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, Bangkok, Thailand.; Omics Center for Agriculture, Bioresources, Food and Health, Kasetsart University (OmiKU), Bangkok, Thailand.
Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Pediatric Dentistry, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Prosthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Dental Public Health, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science - Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science - Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.
Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Pediatric Dentistry, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Prosthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Dental Public Health, Faculty of Dentistry - Universitas Padjadjaran, Bandung, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science - Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.; Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science - Universitas Padjadjaran, Sumedang, Indonesia.
Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Research Collaboratory for Structural Bioinformatics Protein Data Bank. San Diego Supercomputer Center, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla.; Diamond Light Source Ltd. (DLS), Oxfordshire, UK.; Institute for Nanostructure and Solid State Physics, HARBOR, Universität Hamburg, Germany.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.; Spanish National Bioinformatics Institute (INB ELIXIR-ES). Biocomputing Unit, National Centre of Biotechnology (CNB-CSIC). Instruct Image Processing Centre.
Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm, Sweden.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark.; BioInnovation Institute, Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Department of Biology and Biological Engineering, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden.
Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Medicine, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Medicine, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Biochemistry and Chemistry, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Pharmaceuticals and Industrial Biotechnology, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Medicine, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.; Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Sylhet Agricultural University, Sylhet, Bangladesh.
Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.
Nantes Université, Centrale Nantes, CHU Nantes, Inserm, Centre de Recherche en Transplantation et Immunologie, UMR 1064, ITUN, Nantes F-44000, France.; Nantes Université, Centrale Nantes, CHU Nantes, Inserm, Centre de Recherche en Transplantation et Immunologie, UMR 1064, ITUN, Nantes F-44000, France.; Nantes Université, Centrale Nantes, CHU Nantes, Inserm, Centre de Recherche en Transplantation et Immunologie, UMR 1064, ITUN, Nantes F-44000, France.; Laboratoire d'Histocompatibilité et d'Immunogénétique, EFS Centre-Pays de la Loire, Nantes F-44000, France.; Department of Medicine, University of Colorado Denver, Aurora, CO 80045, USA.; Faculty of Medical Sciences Cave Hill Campus, The University of the West Indies, Bridgetown BB11000, Barbados.; McGill University and Genome Quebec Innovation Centre, Montreal, QC H3A 0G1, Canada.; Laboratoire d'Histocompatibilité et d'Immunogénétique, EFS Centre-Pays de la Loire, Nantes F-44000, France.; Nantes Université, Centrale Nantes, CHU Nantes, Inserm, Centre de Recherche en Transplantation et Immunologie, UMR 1064, ITUN, Nantes F-44000, France.; Nantes Université, Centrale Nantes, CHU Nantes, Inserm, Centre de Recherche en Transplantation et Immunologie, UMR 1064, ITUN, Nantes F-44000, France.
Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1 Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1 Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1 Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Faculty of Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1 Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.
Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in Basic Sciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.; School of Computational and Integrative Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, India.; Department of Biosciences, Jamia Millia Islamia (A Central University), New Delhi, India.
Department of Biology, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Statistics, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Biology, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.; Department of Biology, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA.
National Institute of Technology Warangal, Warangal, India.; National Centre for Biological Sciences, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bangalore, India.; The University of Trans-Disciplinary Health Sciences and Technology (TDU), Bangalore, India.; National Centre for Biological Sciences, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Bangalore, India.
School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201203, China.; Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201203, China.; Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201203, China.; Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai 201203, China.
Division of Systems Biology.; Division of Immunology, Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya University, Nagoya 4668550, Japan.; Division of Systems Biology.; Division of Cancer Immunology, Research Institute/EPOC, National Cancer Center, Tokyo, Chiba 1040045/2778577, Japan.; Division of Immunology, Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya University, Nagoya 4668550, Japan.; Division of Cancer Immunology, Research Institute/EPOC, National Cancer Center, Tokyo, Chiba 1040045/2778577, Japan.; Division of Systems Biology.
Division of Systems Biology.; Division of Immunology, Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya University, Nagoya 4668550, Japan.; Division of Systems Biology.; Division of Cancer Immunology, Research Institute/EPOC, National Cancer Center, Tokyo, Chiba 1040045/2778577, Japan.; Division of Immunology, Graduate School of Medicine, Nagoya University, Nagoya 4668550, Japan.; Division of Cancer Immunology, Research Institute/EPOC, National Cancer Center, Tokyo, Chiba 1040045/2778577, Japan.; Division of Systems Biology.
Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability at UC San Diego 92093, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego 92093, USA.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800, Denmark.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San Diego 92093, USA.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800, Denmark.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability at UC San Diego 92093, USA.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800, Denmark.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability at UC San Diego 92093, USA.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego 92093, USA.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San Diego 92093, USA.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800, Denmark.; Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine, University of California, San Diego 92093, USA.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800, Denmark.; Department of Medicine, University of California, San Diego 92093, USA.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability at UC San Diego 92093, USA.
Institute of Marine and Environmental Technologies, University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Institute of Marine and Environmental Technologies, University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Institute of Marine and Environmental Technologies, University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science, Baltimore, MD, USA.
Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Noskowskiego 12/14, 61-704 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Noskowskiego 12/14, 61-704 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Poznan University of Technology, Institute of Computing Science, Piotrowo 2, 60-965 Poznan.; Poland, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Noskowskiego 12/14, 61-704 Poznan.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Division of Infectious Diseases and Hospital Epidemiology, University Hospital Zurich, University of Zurich, Zurich, 8091, Switzerland.; 4 Institute of Medical Virology, University of Zurich, Zurich, 8091, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.
Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Biochemistry and Biology, University of Potsdam, 14476 Potsdam, Germany.; Department of Systems Biology and Mathematical Modeling, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, 14476 Potsdam, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics, Institute of Biochemistry and Biology, University of Potsdam, 14476 Potsdam, Germany.; Department of Systems Biology and Mathematical Modeling, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, 14476 Potsdam, Germany.
Toyota Technological Institute, 2-12-1 Hisakata, Tempaku-ku, Nagoya 468-8511, Japan.; Toyota Technological Institute, 2-12-1 Hisakata, Tempaku-ku, Nagoya 468-8511, Japan.; Toyota Technological Institute, 2-12-1 Hisakata, Tempaku-ku, Nagoya 468-8511, Japan.
Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY 11794, USA.; Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53705, USA.; Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53705, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53726, USA.; Waisman Center, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53705, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI 53726, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL 61801, USA.
Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27516, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland College Park, MD 20742, USA.; New York Genome Center, New York, NY 10013, USA.; Center for Genomics and Systems Biology, New York University, New York, NY 10003, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27516, USA.; Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, University of Maryland College Park, MD 20742, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27516, USA.; Department of Genetics, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27514, USA.
Inner Mongolia University.; Inner Mongolia University.; Clemson University.; Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Translational Health Science and Technology Institute, Faridabad, India.; Centre for Mathematical Biology and Ecology, Department of Mathematics, Jadavpur University, Kolkata, India.; Translational Health Science and Technology Institute, Faridabad, India.
Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China.; Hangzhou Institute for Advanced Study, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hangzhou 310024, China.; Center for Excellence in Animal Evolution and Genetics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming 650223 China.
College of Science, Nanjing Agricultural University, Jiangsu, Nanjing, China, and a postdoc at State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Bioelectronics, School of Biological Science and Medical Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing, China.
University of Antwerp.; University of Antwerp.; Stellenbosch University.; University of Antwerp.; Stellenbosch University.; Mycobacteriology Research Center in Jimma, Ethiopia.; South African National Bioinformatics Institute (SANBI).; SAMRC Centre for Tuberculosis Research.; University of Bradford.; Tuberculosis Omics Research Consortium.
Computational Biology Group, CIC bioGUNE-BRTA (Basque Research and Technology Alliance), Derio, Bizkaia, 48160, Spain.; Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), Esch-sur-Alzette, L-4362, Luxembourg.; Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), Esch-sur-Alzette, L-4362, Luxembourg.; Computational Biology Group, CIC bioGUNE-BRTA (Basque Research and Technology Alliance), Derio, Bizkaia, 48160, Spain.; IKERBASQUE, Basque Foundation for Science, Bilbao, Bizkaia, 48013, Spain.
computer science and technology at Tongji University, China.; computer science and technology at Tongji University, China.; computer science and technology at Tongji University, China.; computer science and technology at Tongji University, China.; Institute of Machines Learning and Systems Biology, Tongji University.
Medical Statistics section, Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Leiden University Medical Center.; Department of Human Genetics, Leiden University Medical Center.
Center for Genomic Science of IIT@SEMM, Fondazione Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT), 20139 Milan, Italy.; Center for Genomic Science of IIT@SEMM, Fondazione Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT), 20139 Milan, Italy.; Center for Genomic Science of IIT@SEMM, Fondazione Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT), 20139 Milan, Italy.
China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; China Medical University, Liaoning, China.; Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, China Medical University, No.77 Puhe Road, Shenyang North New Area, Shenyang City, 110122, Liaoning, China.
University of Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg.; University of Luxembourg.
Loschmidt Laboratories, Masaryk University.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Masaryk University.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Masaryk University.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Masaryk University.; MSCA.; International Clinical Research Center at St. Ann's Teaching Hospital.; Loschmidt Laboratories, Masaryk University.
Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Republic of Korea.

College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, China.; School of Mathematics, Shandong University, and now she is a visiting scholar at Ohio State University.; Ohio State University.; Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Engineering, University of Bristol.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, Ohio State University.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, China.
Cancer Systems Biology Center, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University.; Cancer Systems Biology Center, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University.; Cancer Systems Biology Center, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University.; Zhejiang Sci-Tech University.; China Medical University and Jilin University First Hospital.; China Medical University and Jilin University First Hospital.; Changchun Normal University.; University of Georgia and Jilin University.
Department of Pathology, Division of Cardiovascular Pathology, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21205, USA.; Department of Pathology, Division of Cardiovascular Pathology, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21205, USA.
BDX Research & Consulting LLC, Herndon, VA, USA.; BDX Research & Consulting LLC, Herndon, VA, USA.; Division of Intramural Research, National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism and National Institute of Nursing Research, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA.
Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Dr. Aiguader 88, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Dr. Aiguader 88, Barcelona 08003, Spain.; Centre for Genomic Regulation (CRG), The Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Dr. Aiguader 88, Barcelona 08003, Spain.
Institute of Informatics, Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, 02-097, Poland.; Institute of Informatics, Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, 02-097, Poland.; Institute of Informatics, Faculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Mechanics, University of Warsaw, Warsaw, 02-097, Poland.
Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland College Park, College Park, MD, 02740, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of California Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland College Park, College Park, MD, 02740, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, 61801, USA.
Computational Biology Unit, Department of Informatics, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Genetics and Bioinformatics, Norwegian Institute of Public Health, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Pediatrics and Adolescents, Haukeland University Hospital, Bergen, Norway.; Computational Biology Unit, Department of Informatics, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Medical Genetics, Haukeland University Hospital, Bergen, Norway.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, 00076, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, 00076, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, 00076, Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, 00076, Finland.
Structural Bioinformatics Unit, Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3528, C3BI, USR3756, Paris 75015, France.; Mines ParisTech, Paris-Sciences-et-Lettres Research University, Center for Computational Biology, Paris 75272, France.; Structural Bioinformatics Unit, Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3528, C3BI, USR3756, Paris 75015, France.; Structural Bioinformatics Unit, Department of Structural Biology and Chemistry, Institut Pasteur, CNRS UMR3528, C3BI, USR3756, Paris 75015, France.
Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Institute for Medical Engineering and Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.; Signalling Research Centres BIOSS and CIBSS, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79104, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Department of Computer Science, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79110, Germany.
Cognitive Computing and Industry Solutions, IBM Research Europe, Rüschlikon, ZH 8803, Switzerland.; Institute of Molecular Systems Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich, ZH 8093, Switzerland.; Cognitive Computing and Industry Solutions, IBM Research Europe, Rüschlikon, ZH 8803, Switzerland.; Institute for Machine Learning, ETH Zürich, Zürich, ZH 8092, Switzerland.; Cognitive Computing and Industry Solutions, IBM Research Europe, Rüschlikon, ZH 8803, Switzerland.; Cognitive Computing and Industry Solutions, IBM Research Europe, Rüschlikon, ZH 8803, Switzerland.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029-5674, USA.; Department of Genetics and Genomic Sciences, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, New York, NY 10029-5674, USA.; Translational Systems Biology and Nanobiotechnology, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY 10598, USA.; Cognitive Computing and Industry Solutions, IBM Research Europe, Rüschlikon, ZH 8803, Switzerland.
Department of Statistics, TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, 44221, Germany.; Department of Statistics, TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, 44221, Germany.; Department of R&D Global Biostatistics, Epidemiology and Medical Writing, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, 64293, GermanyPresent address.; AI Solutions-Services & Core, BASF SE, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, 67061, GermanyPresent address.; Division of Biostatistics, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, 69120, Germany.; Division of Biostatistics, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, 69120, Germany.; Leibniz Research Centre for Working Environment and Human Factors (IfADo), TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, 44139, Germany.; Department of Statistics, TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, 44221, Germany.
Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, 161 College Ave, Medford, MA, 02155, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, 161 College Ave, Medford, MA, 02155, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Tufts University, 161 College Ave, Medford, MA, 02155, USA.; Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, Tufts University, 4 Colby St, Medford, MA, 02155, USA.
Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Graduate Program, UC San Diego, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, UC San Diego, CA 92093, USA.; Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, UC San Diego, CA 92093, USA.
Université Clermont Auvergne, CNRS, LMGE, F-63000 Clermont-Ferrand, France.; Université Clermont Auvergne, CNRS, LMGE, F-63000 Clermont-Ferrand, France.; Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, Grenoble INP, LJK, 38000 Grenoble, France.; Université Paris-Saclay, INRAE, AgroParisTech, Micalis Institute, 78350, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; Université Clermont Auvergne, CNRS, LMGE, F-63000 Clermont-Ferrand, France.; Université Clermont Auvergne, CNRS, LMGE, F-63000 Clermont-Ferrand, France.; Cellular and Molecular Microbiology, IBMM-DBM, Université libre de Bruxelles, 6041 Gosselies, Belgium.; Université Paris-Saclay, INRAE, AgroParisTech, Micalis Institute, 78350, Jouy-en-Josas, France.; Université Clermont Auvergne, CNRS, LMGE, F-63000 Clermont-Ferrand, France.
School of Mathematical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California at Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Institute of Science and Technology for Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, David Geffen School of Medicine, University of California at Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095, USA.; Quantitative and Computational Biology Department, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089, USA.
Institute for Medical Informatics, Statistics and Epidemiology, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig, Germany.; Institute for Medical Informatics, Statistics and Epidemiology, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig, Germany.; LIFE - Leipzig Research Center for Civilization Diseases, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.; Institute of Laboratory Medicine, Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Leipzig University, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.; Institute for Medical Informatics, Statistics and Epidemiology, Leipzig University, 04107 Leipzig, Germany.; LIFE - Leipzig Research Center for Civilization Diseases, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.; IFB AdiposityDiseases, University Hospital Leipzig, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.
Epigenetics Research Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Theme, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Sydney, New South Wales, 2010, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, UNSW, New, South Wales, Sydney 2010, Australia.; Center for Population Health Sciences, Hanoi University of Public Health, Hanoi, Vietnam.; School of Medicine, Vietnam National University, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.; Epigenetics Research Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Theme, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Sydney, New South Wales, 2010, Australia.; Epigenetics Research Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Theme, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Sydney, New South Wales, 2010, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, UNSW, New, South Wales, Sydney 2010, Australia.; Epigenetics Research Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Theme, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Sydney, New South Wales, 2010, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, UNSW, New, South Wales, Sydney 2010, Australia.; Epigenetics Research Laboratory, Genomics and Epigenetics Theme, Garvan Institute of Medical Research, Sydney, New South Wales, 2010, Australia.; St Vincent's Clinical School, UNSW, New, South Wales, Sydney 2010, Australia.
Department of Computer Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Departament d'Arquitectura de Computadors i Sistemes Operatius, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08193, Spain.; Departament d'Arquitectura de Computadors i Sistemes Operatius, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08193, Spain.; Department of Computer Sciences, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Departament d'Arquitectura de Computadors, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Departament d'Arquitectura de Computadors i Sistemes Operatius, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, Barcelona 08193, Spain.
Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica, 00133 Roma, Italy.; Department of Mathematical, Physical and Computer Sciences, University of Parma, Parco Area delle Scienze, 53/A, 43124 Parma, Italy.; Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica, 00133 Roma, Italy.; Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa, Piazza dei Cavalieri, 7, 56126 Pisa, Italy.; Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Via della Ricerca Scientifica, 00133 Roma, Italy.
Leonard Davis School of Gerontology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Geography, Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Life Sciences, Korea University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea.; Department of Biology, Kyung Hee University, Seoul, Korea.
Department of Biological Sciences, California State University, Chico, Chico, CA, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, California State University, Chico, Chico, CA, USA.
Food Security and Safety Niche Area, Faculty of Natural and Agricultural Sciences, North-West University, Mmabatho, South Africa.; Food Security and Safety Niche Area, Faculty of Natural and Agricultural Sciences, North-West University, Mmabatho, South Africa.; Food Security and Safety Niche Area, Faculty of Natural and Agricultural Sciences, North-West University, Mmabatho, South Africa.
Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Center for Excellence in Biotic Interactions, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; College of Life Sciences, Hebei University, Baoding 071002, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; CAS Center for Excellence in Biotic Interactions, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; CAS Center for Excellence in Biotic Interactions, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China; College of Life Sciences, Hebei University, Baoding 071002, China; State Key Laboratory of Integrated Management of Pest Insects and Rodents, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: lkang@ioz.ac.cn.
Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Institute of Systems Biomedicine, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Pathology, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; Department of Gastroenterology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China. Electronic address: duanlp@bjmu.edu.cn.
Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, School of Life Sciences and Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Department of Virology, State Key Laboratory of Pathogen and Biosecurity, Beijing Institute of Microbiology and Epidemiology, Beijing 100071, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Department of Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, School of Life Sciences and Biotechnology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China. Electronic address: jing.li@sjtu.edu.cn.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, CAS Center for Excellence in Brain Science and Intelligence Technology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Parkinson's Disease Center, Beijing Institute for Brain Disorders, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China. Electronic address: zhxu@genetics.ac.cn.
Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Pharmacoinformatics Group, Research Program on Biomedical Informatics (IMIM/UPF), 08003 Barcelona, Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Laboratori de Medicina Computacional, Facultat de Medicina, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193 Bellaterra, Spain.; Bioinformatics and Medical Statistics Group, Facultat de Ciències i Tecnologia, UVIC-UCC, 08500 Vic, Barcelona, Spain.
Biomedical Engineering Department and Genome Center, University of California at Davis, Davis, CA 95616, USA.; Biomedical Engineering Department and Genome Center, University of California at Davis, Davis, CA 95616, USA.; Biomedical Engineering Department and Genome Center, University of California at Davis, Davis, CA 95616, USA.
Institute of Enzymology, Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Magyar Tudósok Körútja 2, Budapest, 1117, Hungary.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit, European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Meyerhofstraße 1, Heidelberg, 69117, Germany.; Institute of Enzymology, Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Magyar Tudósok Körútja 2, Budapest, 1117, Hungary.; Institute of Enzymology, Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Magyar Tudósok Körútja 2, Budapest, 1117, Hungary.
Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.; Department of Organic Chemistry, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Valencia, Burjassot, Spain.; Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Valencia, Burjassot, Spain.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.; Department of Microbiology and Ecology, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Valencia, Burjassot, Spain.; Department of Microbiology and Ecology, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Valencia, Burjassot, Spain.; Parasites and Health Research Group, Department of Pharmacy, Pharmaceutical Technology and Parasitology, Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Valencia, Burjassot, Spain.; Department of Organic Chemistry, Faculty of Chemistry, University of Valencia, Burjassot, Spain.
Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Department of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics, Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow 119234, Russian Federation.; Institute of Bioengineering, Research Centre of Biotechnology, Russian Academy of Sciences, Moscow 117312, Russian Federation.; Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), C/ Jordi Girona 29, 08034, Barcelona, Spain.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.

Research branch, Sidra Medicine, Doha, QATAR.; Research branch, Sidra Medicine, Doha, QATAR.; Research branch, Sidra Medicine, Doha, QATAR.; Research branch, Sidra Medicine, Doha, QATAR.; Division of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA.; Systems Immunology, Benaroya Research Institute, Seattle, Washington, USA.; Research branch, Sidra Medicine, Doha, QATAR.; Research branch, Sidra Medicine, Doha, QATAR.
Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06511, USA.; VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT 06516, USA.; Center for Biomedical Bioinformatics and Information Technology, National Cancer Institute, Rockville, MD 20852, USA.; Center for Biomedical Bioinformatics and Information Technology, National Cancer Institute, Rockville, MD 20852, USA.; Department of Psychiatry, Yale School of Medicine, New Haven, CT 06511, USA.; VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, CT 06516, USA.
Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering, ETH Zurich, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, Basel, 4058, Switzerland.
Department of Plant Biology, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Auburn University, Auburn, AL, USA.; Faculty of Science & Geneva School of Economics and Management, University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland.; Department of Plant Biology, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL, USA.
Anaxomics Biotech SL, Barcelona, 08008, Spain.; Institute of Biotechnology and Biomedicine, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193, Spain.; Anaxomics Biotech SL, Barcelona, 08008, Spain.; Anaxomics Biotech SL, Barcelona, 08008, Spain.; Institute of Biotechnology and Biomedicine, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193, Spain.; Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies (ICREA), Barcelona, 08010, Spain.
Division of Human Genetics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, OH 45229, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA.; Division of Human Genetics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, OH 45229, USA.; Division of Biomedical Informatics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, Cincinnati, OH 45229, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, Cincinnati, OH 45229, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computing Sciences, University of Cincinnati College of Engineering and Applied Science, Cincinnati, OH 45229, USA.
Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana IL, 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana IL, 61801, USA.; Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana IL, 61801, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, School of Medicine, Emory University, Atlanta, GA 30322, USA.
College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; HeiLongJiang provincial Husbandry Dapartment, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; College of Animal Science and Technology, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; Bioinformatics Center, Northeast Agricultural University, Harbin, China.; DaBeiNong Group, Beijing, China.
Institute for Genomic Statistics, University Bonn, 53129 Bonn, Germany.; Institute for Genomic Statistics, University Bonn, 53129 Bonn, Germany.; Institute for Genomic Statistics, University Bonn, 53129 Bonn, Germany.; Fraunhofer SCAI, Department of Bioinformatics, 53757 Sankt Augustin, Germany.; Institute for Genomic Statistics, University Bonn, 53129 Bonn, Germany.; Genetikum Counseling Center, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany.; Genetikum Counseling Center, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany.; Genetikum Counseling Center, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany.; Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University Tübingen, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Institute of Medical Genetics and Applied Genomics, University Tübingen, 72076 Tübingen, Germany.; Institute for Human Genetics, Technical University Munich, 81675 Munich, Germany.; Institute for Human Genetics, Technical University Munich, 81675 Munich, Germany.; Institute for Medical Genetics, Charité University Medicine, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; Institute for Medical Genetics, Charité University Medicine, 13353 Berlin, Germany.; GeneTalk GmbH, 53129 Bonn, Germany.; GeneTalk GmbH, 53129 Bonn, Germany.; FDNA Inc, FL 33325 Sunrise, USA.; FDNA Inc, FL 33325 Sunrise, USA.; Fraunhofer SCAI, Department of Bioinformatics, 53757 Sankt Augustin, Germany.
Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.; Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.
MS degree at College of St. Scholastica, Duluth, MN, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, and Informatics at the University of Pennsylvania.
Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; McDonnell Genome Institute, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Department of Medicine, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; ChosenMed Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing 100176, China.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; ChosenMed Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing 100176, China.; McDonnell Genome Institute, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Department of Genetics, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Department of Mathematics, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; McDonnell Genome Institute, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Department of Genetics, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Department of Medicine, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Siteman Cancer Center, Washington University in St. Louis, St. Louis, MO 63108, USA.; Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; ChosenMed Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing 100176, China.
Enzymology Institute of the Research Centre for Natural Sciences, Budapest, Hungary.; Computer Science, chemistry and biomedical sciences at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Belgium.; Structural and Computational Biology Unit at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, Heidelberg 69117, Germany.
Center for Cancer Genomics and Precision Oncology, Wake Forest Baptist Comprehensive Cancer Center, Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, Winston Salem, NC 27157, USA.; Department of Cancer Biology, Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston Salem, NC 27157, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Section on Gerontology and Geriatric Medicine, Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC 27157, USA.
Translational Medical Center for Stem Cell Therapy and Institute for Regenerative Medicine, Shanghai East Hospital, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.; Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, China.; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China.; Computer Science and Technology at Tongji University, China.; Translational Medical Center for Stem Cell Therapy and Institute for Regenerative Medicine, Shanghai East Hospital, Bioinformatics Department, School of Life Sciences and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai, China.; Institute of Machines Learning and Systems Biology, Tongji University, China.
Biowavelet Ltd., Chongqing, China.; Chongqing International Institute for Immunology, Chongqing, China.; R&D Department, TCRCure Ltd., Chongqing, China.; R&D Department, TCRCure Ltd., Chongqing, China.; Department of Immunology, Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Biomedical Analysis Center, Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Department of Immunology, Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Chongqing International Institute for Immunology, Chongqing, China.; Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, First Affiliated Hospital of Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Department of Immunology, Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Biowavelet Ltd., Chongqing, China.; Institute for Advanced Study, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen, China.; Biomedical Analysis Center, Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.; Biomedical Analysis Center, Army Medical University, Chongqing, China.
Center for Microbiota and Immunological Diseases, Shanghai General Hospital, Shanghai Institute of Immunology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine, Shanghai 2,000,025, China.; Shanghai Institute of Immunology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine, Shanghai 200,000, China.; Center for Microbiota and Immunological Diseases, Shanghai General Hospital, Shanghai Institute of Immunology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine, Shanghai 2,000,025, China.; Center for Microbiota and Immunological Diseases, Shanghai General Hospital, Shanghai Institute of Immunology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine, Shanghai 2,000,025, China.
Computational Biology Group, CIC bioGUNE-BRTA (Basque Research and Technology Alliance), Derio, Bizkaia, 48160, Spain.; Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), Esch-sur-Alzette, L-4362, Luxembourg.; Computational Biology Group, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine (LCSB), Esch-sur-Alzette, L-4362, Luxembourg.; Computational Biology Group, CIC bioGUNE-BRTA (Basque Research and Technology Alliance), Derio, Bizkaia, 48160, Spain.; IKERBASQUE, Basque Foundation for Science, Bilbao, Bizkaia, 48013, Spain.
University of Helsinki, Finland.; Department of Chemistry, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki, Finland.; Faculty of Medicine of the University of Helsinki and Group Leader of Network Pharmacology for Precision Medicine group, Finland.
Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.; Department of Neurosurgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100730, China.
Medical statistics, Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, 2333 ZA, The Netherlands.; Medical statistics, Department of Biomedical Data Sciences, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, 2333 ZA, The Netherlands.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; College of Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.; Department of Operations Research and Information Engineering, College of Engineering, Cornell New York, USA NY 10044.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA.
Intelligent Bio Systems Laboratory, Biomedical and Health Informatics, Department of Computer Science, State University of New York at Oswego, Syracuse, New York, USA.; Intelligent Bio Systems Laboratory, Biomedical and Health Informatics, Department of Computer Science, State University of New York at Oswego, Syracuse, New York, USA.; Intelligent Bio Systems Laboratory, Biomedical and Health Informatics, Department of Computer Science, State University of New York at Oswego, Syracuse, New York, USA.
Bacteriophage, Bacterium, Host Laboratory, Department of Microbiology, Institut Pasteur, Paris, F-75015, France.; Université de Paris, Paris, France.; Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, Institut Pasteur, Paris, F-75015, France.; Bioinformatics and Biostatistics, Institut Pasteur, Paris, F-75015, France.; Bacteriophage, Bacterium, Host Laboratory, Department of Microbiology, Institut Pasteur, Paris, F-75015, France.
Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, 01307, Germany.; Center for Systems Biology Dresden, Dresden, 01307, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, 01307, Germany.; Center for Systems Biology Dresden, Dresden, 01307, Germany.; Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics, Dresden, 01307, Germany.; Center for Systems Biology Dresden, Dresden, 01307, Germany.; Cluster of Excellence Physics of Life, TU Dresden, Dresden, 01062, Germany.
Université de Paris, CNRS, Institut Jacques Monod, F-75006, Paris, France.; Université de Paris, CNRS, Institut Jacques Monod, F-75006, Paris, France.; Université de Paris, CNRS, Institut Jacques Monod, F-75006, Paris, France.; Plateforme bioinformatique Genotoul, UR875 Mathématique et Informatique Appliquée de Toulouse, INRA, 31326, Castanet-Tolosan, France.; INRA, US 1426, GeT-PlaGe, Genotoul, Castanet-Tolosan, France.; Université de Paris, CNRS, Institut Jacques Monod, F-75006, Paris, France.; Université Libre de Bruxelles, Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels (IB2), Brussels, 1050, Belgium.

Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Department of Biological Chemistry, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Department of Biological Chemistry, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.; Bioinformatics Interdepartmental Program, University of California, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, 90095, USA.
Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15206, USA.
The Rachel and Selim Benin School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.; The Rachel and Selim Benin School of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.; Department of Biological Chemistry, Institute of Life Sciences, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, 91904, Israel.
Department of Biostatistics and Computation Biology, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, USA.; Informatics Department, J. Craig Venter Institute (JCVI), City, La Jolla, CA, USA.; Goergen Institute for Data Science, University of Rochester, City, Rochester, NY, USA.; Department of Pathology, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Computation Biology, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, USA.
Institute of Biochemistry and Biotechnology, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biotechnology, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan.; Department of Human Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of Health Sciences, Lahore, Pakistan.; Atta-ur-Rahman School of Applied Biosciences (ASAB), National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST), Islamabad, Pakistan.; Department of Biosciences, COMSATS University Islamabad, Sahiwal, Pakistan.; Department of Human Genetics and Molecular Biology, University of Health Sciences, Lahore, Pakistan.; Faculty of Life Sciences, Gulab Devi Educational Complex, Lahore, Pakistan.; Institute of Biochemistry and Biotechnology, University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan.
CIRAD, UMR AGAP Institut, Univ Montpellier, CIRAD, INRAE, Institut Agro, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; CIRAD, UMR AGAP Institut, Univ Montpellier, CIRAD, INRAE, Institut Agro, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; French Institute of Bioinformatics (IFB) - South Green Bioinformatics Platform, Bioversity, CIRAD, INRAE, IRD, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; CIRAD, UMR AGAP Institut, Univ Montpellier, CIRAD, INRAE, Institut Agro, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; IBENS, Institut de Biologie de l'ENS, Département de biologie, École normale supérieure, CNRS, INSERM, Université PSL, 75005 Paris, France.; CIRAD, UMR AGAP Institut, Univ Montpellier, CIRAD, INRAE, Institut Agro, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; French Institute of Bioinformatics (IFB) - South Green Bioinformatics Platform, Bioversity, CIRAD, INRAE, IRD, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; CIRAD, UMR AGAP Institut, Univ Montpellier, CIRAD, INRAE, Institut Agro, F-34398 Montpellier, France.; French Institute of Bioinformatics (IFB) - South Green Bioinformatics Platform, Bioversity, CIRAD, INRAE, IRD, F-34398 Montpellier, France.
Department of Biological Sciences, Wayne State University, Detroit, MI 48202, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Wayne State University, Detroit, MI 48202, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Wayne State University, Detroit, MI 48202, USA.
Department of Physical Chemistry, Gdańsk University of Technology, Gdańsk 80-233, Poland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Department of Physical Chemistry, Gdańsk University of Technology, Gdańsk 80-233, Poland.; Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB Barcelona), Barcelona Institute of Science and Technology, Barcelona 08028, Spain.; Department of Biochemistry and Biomedicine, University of Barcelona, Barcelona 08028, Spain.
grupo de investigación GRINCIBIO, Facultad de medicina, Universidad Antonio Nariño, Bogotá, Colombia.; Grupo de investigación UNIMOL, Departamento de Farmacia, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Nacional de Colombia-Sede Bogotá, Bogotá, Colombia.
Department of Cardiology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; Department of Cardiology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; Department of Cardiology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; Department of Cardiology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; Department of Cardiology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; Department of Cardiology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.; Department of Pathology, Affiliated Hospital of Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang, China.
Harvard Business School, Harvard University, Boston, MA 02163, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Harvard Business School, Harvard University, Boston, MA 02163, USA.; Harvard Business School, Harvard University, Boston, MA 02163, USA.; Harvard Business School, Harvard University, Boston, MA 02163, USA.; Harvard Business School, Harvard University, Boston, MA 02163, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.; Harvard Business School, Harvard University, Boston, MA 02163, USA.; National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER), Cambridge, MA 02138, USA.; Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT, Cambridge, MA 02142, USA.
Institute of Genetic Epidemiology, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Center-University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79106, Germany.; Institute of Genetic Epidemiology, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Center-University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79106, Germany.; Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79104, Germany.; Institute of Genetic Epidemiology, Faculty of Medicine and Medical Center-University of Freiburg, Freiburg 79106, Germany.
Systems Biology and Mathematical Modeling Group, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, Am Mühlenberg 1, 14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Institute of Biochemistry and Biology, University of Potsdam, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 24-25, 14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany.; Systems Biology and Mathematical Modeling Group, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, Am Mühlenberg 1, 14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Institute of Biochemistry and Biology, University of Potsdam, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 24-25, 14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany.; Systems Biology and Mathematical Modeling Group, Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology, Am Mühlenberg 1, 14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany.; Bioinformatics Group, Institute of Biochemistry and Biology, University of Potsdam, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 24-25, 14476 Potsdam-Golm, Germany.
Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University.; Program of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University.; Program of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University.; Program of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University.; Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, Yale University.; Program of Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University.
The Bioinformatics and Genomics Program, Huck Institutes of the Life Sciences, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.; Department of Statistics, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.
Department of Chemistry, University of Colorado Denver, Denver, CO 80204, USA.; Department of Chemistry, University of Colorado Denver, Denver, CO 80204, USA.; Department of Chemistry, University of Colorado Denver, Denver, CO 80204, USA.; Department of Chemistry, University of Colorado Denver, Denver, CO 80204, USA.
Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, 4072 Brisbane, Australia.; Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, 4072 Brisbane, Australia.; The Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800 Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark.; Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences, Weizmann Institute of Science, Herzl st. 234, Rehovot 7610001, Israel.; Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, 4072 Brisbane, Australia.; Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, 4072 Brisbane, Australia.; Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology (AIBN), The University of Queensland, 4072 Brisbane, Australia.; The Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability, Technical University of Denmark, 2800 Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark.
Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tongji University, Shanghai 201804, China.; Shanghai Key Lab of Intelligent Information Processing, and School of Computer Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.
Department of Biochemistry, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India.
School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University, Chengdu 610065, China.; School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University, Chengdu 610065, China.; School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University, Chengdu 610065, China.; School of Public Health, Southwest Medical University, Luzhou 646000, China.; School of Geography and Resources, Guizhou Education University, Guiyang 550018, China.; School of Chemistry and Materials Science, Guizhou Education University, Guiyang 550018, China.; Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy, Southwest Medical University, Luzhou 646000, China.
Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA.
Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, Biomedical Sciences Research Center "Alexander Fleming", Vari 16672, Greece.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, Biomedical Sciences Research Center "Alexander Fleming", Vari 16672, Greece.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, Biomedical Sciences Research Center "Alexander Fleming", Vari 16672, Greece.; Institute of Marine Biology, Biotechnology and Aquaculture (IMBBC), Hellenic Centre for Marine Research (HCMR), Former U.S. Base of Gournes P.O. Box 2214, 71003 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, Biomedical Sciences Research Center "Alexander Fleming", Vari 16672, Greece.; Department of Basic Sciences, School of Medicine, University of Crete, Heraklion 71003, Crete, Greece.; Department of Biology, School of Medicine, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Athens, 70013, Greece.; University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine, Bioinformatics Core, Esch-sur-Alzette, L-4365, Luxembourg.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Protein Research, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, 2200, Denmark.; Institute of Marine Biology, Biotechnology and Aquaculture (IMBBC), Hellenic Centre for Marine Research (HCMR), Former U.S. Base of Gournes P.O. Box 2214, 71003 Heraklion, Crete, Greece.; Institute for Fundamental Biomedical Research, Biomedical Sciences Research Center "Alexander Fleming", Vari 16672, Greece.
State Key Laboratory of Membrane Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Institute for Stem Cell and Regeneration, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 100101 Beijing, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; State Key Laboratory of Membrane Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Institute for Stem Cell and Regeneration, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 100101 Beijing, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: liuf@ioz.ac.cn.
Department of Pathology and Institute of Oncology, School of Basic Medical Sciences of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350004, China; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China.; Department of Pathology and Institute of Oncology, School of Basic Medical Sciences of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350004, China; The United Innovation of Mengchao Hepatobiliary Technology Key Laboratory of Fujian Province, Mengchao Hepatobiliary Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350025, China. Electronic address: xiaoloong.liu@gmail.com.; Department of Pathology and Institute of Oncology, School of Basic Medical Sciences of Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350004, China. Electronic address: aimin@fjmu.edu.cn.
Experimental Pathology and Therapeutics Group, Portuguese Institute of Oncology, Porto 4200-072, Portugal; Institute of Biomedical Sciences Abel Salazar, University of Porto, Porto 4050-313, Portugal; Porto Comprehensive Cancer Center (P.ccc), Porto 4200-072, Portugal. Electronic address: jose.a.ferreira@ipoporto.min-saude.pt.; Experimental Pathology and Therapeutics Group, Portuguese Institute of Oncology, Porto 4200-072, Portugal; Institute of Biomedical Sciences Abel Salazar, University of Porto, Porto 4050-313, Portugal; REQUIMTE-LAQV, Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Faculty of Sciences of the University of Porto, Porto 4169-007, Portugal.; Experimental Pathology and Therapeutics Group, Portuguese Institute of Oncology, Porto 4200-072, Portugal; Institute of Biomedical Sciences Abel Salazar, University of Porto, Porto 4050-313, Portugal.; REQUIMTE-LAQV, Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Faculty of Sciences of the University of Porto, Porto 4169-007, Portugal.; Experimental Pathology and Therapeutics Group, Portuguese Institute of Oncology, Porto 4200-072, Portugal; Institute of Biomedical Sciences Abel Salazar, University of Porto, Porto 4050-313, Portugal; Porto Comprehensive Cancer Center (P.ccc), Porto 4200-072, Portugal.
Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Suwon 16499, Korea.; Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Suwon 16499, Korea.; Department of Physiology, Ajou University School of Medicine, Suwon 16499, Korea.
Quantitative and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA-90007, USA.; Quantitative and Computational Biology, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA-90007, USA.
Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Department of Statistics and Data Science, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Saint Louis University, Saint. Louis, MO 63103, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO 65211, USA.
Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; Department of Respiratory Diseases, Qingdao Haici Hospital, Qingdao, Shandong, China.; The Affiliated Qingdao Hiser Hospital of Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China.
Department of Physics, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Department of Biochemistry, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
Microbial Genomics and Biotechnology, Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.; Microbial Genomics and Biotechnology, Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.; Genome Research of Industrial Microorganisms, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.; Microbial Genomics and Biotechnology, Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.; Fermentation Engineering, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.; Fermentation Engineering, Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.; Microbial Genomics and Biotechnology, Center for Biotechnology (CeBiTec), Bielefeld University, Bielefeld, NRW 33615, Germany.
Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL 33612, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL 33612, USA.; Lewis-Sigler Institute for Integrative Genomics, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA.; Department of Data Science, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA 02215, USA.
Department of Computer Science. University of Copenhagen, Denmark.; Department of Computer Science. University of Copenhagen/Skanned.com, Denmark.; Department of Biochemistry. Brandeis University. Waltham, MA 02452, USA.; The Bioinformatics Centre. Section for Computational and RNA Biology. University of Copenhagen. Copenhagen, Denmark.; The Bioinformatics Centre. Section for Computational and RNA Biology. University of Copenhagen. Copenhagen, Denmark.; The Bioinformatics Centre. Section for Computational and RNA Biology. University of Copenhagen. Copenhagen, Denmark.; Department of Computer Science. University of Copenhagen, Denmark.; The Bioinformatics Centre. Section for Computational and RNA Biology. University of Copenhagen. Copenhagen, Denmark.
College of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; College of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; College of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; College of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; College of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.; College of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, China.
Department of Orthopedics, Hainan General Hospital (Hainan Affiliated Hospital of Hainan Medical University), Haikou, China.; Department of Orthopedics, Hainan General Hospital (Hainan Affiliated Hospital of Hainan Medical University), Haikou, China.; Department of Orthopedics, Hainan General Hospital (Hainan Affiliated Hospital of Hainan Medical University), Haikou, China.
Department of Biochemistry, Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba-Akoko, Nigeria.; Department of Biochemistry, Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba-Akoko, Nigeria.; Department of Biochemistry, Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba-Akoko, Nigeria.; Department of Environmental Toxicology, Universitat Duisburg-Essen, Duisburg, Germany.
Chair of Wildlife Ecology and Management, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, Solna, 17121, Sweden.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, Solna, 17121, Sweden.; Science for Life Laboratory, Department of Immunology, Genetics and Pathology, Uppsala University, Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Science for Life Laboratory, Box 1031, Solna, 17121, Sweden.
Department of Physics and Astronomy, Institute of Applied Physics, Seoul National University, Gwanak-gu, Seoul 08826, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physics and Astronomy, Institute of Applied Physics, Seoul National University, Gwanak-gu, Seoul 08826, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physics and Astronomy, Institute of Applied Physics, Seoul National University, Gwanak-gu, Seoul 08826, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physics and Astronomy, Institute of Applied Physics, Seoul National University, Gwanak-gu, Seoul 08826, Republic of Korea.; Department of Physics and Astronomy, Institute of Applied Physics, Seoul National University, Gwanak-gu, Seoul 08826, Republic of Korea.
Department of Neuroscience, Uppsala University, 751 24 Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Pharmaceutical Biosciences, Uppsala University, 751 24 Uppsala, Sweden.; Department of Neuroscience, Uppsala University, 751 24 Uppsala, Sweden.
Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.; Department of Computational and Systems Biology, School of Medicine, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA.
Department of Biology, The bioinformatics Centre, University of Copenhagen, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Biotech Research and Innovation Centre (BRIC), University of Copenhagen, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Biotech Research and Innovation Centre (BRIC), University of Copenhagen, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Stem Cell Biology, DanStem, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Ole Maaløes Vej 5, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Department of Bioinformatics, School of Systems Biomedical Science, Soongsil University, 369 Sangdo-Ro, Dongjak-Gu, 06978 Seoul, South Korea.; Biotech Research and Innovation Centre (BRIC), University of Copenhagen, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.; Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Stem Cell Biology, DanStem, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Ole Maaløes Vej 5, 2200 Copenhagen N, Denmark.
Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15213, USA.; Computational Biology Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15213, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15213, USA.; Department of Biomedical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15213, USA.; Machine Learning Department, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, 15213, USA.
Department of Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biochemistry & Biotechnology, University of Barishal, Barishal, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Food Technology & Nutrition Science, Noakhali Science and Technology University, Noakhali, Bangladesh.; Department of Microbiology, University of Dhaka, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Centro de Biología Molecular "Severo Ochoa" (CSIC-UAM), C. Nicolás Cabrera 1, Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, Canto Blanco, 28049, Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular "Severo Ochoa" (CSIC-UAM), C. Nicolás Cabrera 1, Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, Canto Blanco, 28049, Madrid, Spain.; Bioinformatics Facility, Centro de Biología Molecular "Severo Ochoa" (CSIC-UAM), C. Nicolás Cabrera 1, Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, Canto Blanco, 28049, Madrid, Spain.; Centre for Bacterial Cell Biology, Biosciences Institute, Newcastle University, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE2 4AX, UK.; Centro de Biología Molecular "Severo Ochoa" (CSIC-UAM), C. Nicolás Cabrera 1, Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, Canto Blanco, 28049, Madrid, Spain.
Department of Biostatistics and Health Data Science, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Health Data Science, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Health Data Science, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Division of General Surgery, Department of Surgery, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Department of Medical and Molecular Genetics, Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN 46202, USA.; Institute for Artificial Intelligence, Peking University, China.; Department of Computer Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47408, USA.
Molecular Oncology Group, Biodonostia Health Research Institute, Paseo Doctor Begiristain, 20014 Donostia/San Sebastian, Spain.; Intelligent Systems Group, Computer Science Faculty, University of the Basque Country, Paseo Manuel Lardizabal, 20018 Donostia/San Sebastian, Spain.; Molecular Oncology Group, Biodonostia Health Research Institute, Paseo Doctor Begiristain, 20014 Donostia/San Sebastian, Spain.
Department of Urology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Anesthesiology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Urology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Urology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Urology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.
Department of Bioinformatics, National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore, India.; Department of Biotechnology, Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore, India.; Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) University, Melbourne, VIC, Australia.; Department of Bioinformatics, National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore, India.; Department of Biophysics, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India.; Department of Zoology, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.; Department of Bioinformatics, National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore, India.
Department of Electrical Engineering, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617, Taiwan.; Graduate Institute of Biomedical Electronics and Bioinformatics, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617, Taiwan.; Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Core, Centers of Genomic and Precision Medicine, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10055, Taiwan.; Bioinformatics and Biostatistics Core, Centers of Genomic and Precision Medicine, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10055, Taiwan.; Department of Electrical Engineering, National Taiwan University, Taipei 10617, Taiwan.
Graduate School of Advanced Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1, Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.; Graduate School of Advanced Science and Engineering, Waseda University, 55N-06-10, 3-4-1, Okubo Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 169-8555, Japan.
Institute for Human Genetics, University Medical Center Johannes Gutenberg University, 55131 Mainz, Germany.; Leibniz Institute for Resilience Research, Leibniz Association, 55122 Mainz, Germany Wallstraße 7.; Leibniz Institute for Resilience Research, Leibniz Association, 55122 Mainz, Germany Wallstraße 7.; Translational Psychiatry, University Medical Center, Johannes Gutenberg University, 55131 Mainz, Germany.; Leibniz Institute for Resilience Research, Leibniz Association, 55122 Mainz, Germany Wallstraße 7.; Institute for Human Genetics, University Medical Center Johannes Gutenberg University, 55131 Mainz, Germany.
Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), 08034 Barcelona, Spain.; Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya (UPC), 08034 Barcelona, Spain.; Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), 08034 Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, WC1E 6BT London, United Kingdom.; RAF School of Computing, Union University, Belgrade, Serbia.; Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), 08034 Barcelona, Spain.; Department of Computer Science, University College London, WC1E 6BT London, United Kingdom.; ICREA, Pg. Lluís Companys 23, 08010 Barcelona, Spain.
Institute of Medical Informatics, University Hospital of Münster, Münster, 48149, Germany.; Institute of Medical Informatics, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, 69120, Germany.
Insilico Medicine Hong Kong, Pak Shek Kok, Hong Kong.; Insilico Medicine Hong Kong, Pak Shek Kok, Hong Kong.; Insilico Medicine Hong Kong, Pak Shek Kok, Hong Kong.; Insilico Medicine Hong Kong, Pak Shek Kok, Hong Kong.
Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Solna, SE-171 21, Sweden.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Stockholm, SE-106 91, Sweden.; Science for Life Laboratory, Stockholm University, Solna, SE-171 21, Sweden.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, Stockholm University, Stockholm, SE-106 91, Sweden.
Center for Bioinformatics Saar, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus (E2.1), Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics Saar, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus (E2.1), Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics Saar, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus (E2.1), Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics Saar, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus (E2.1), Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics Saar, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus (E2.1), Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.; Center for Bioinformatics Saar, Saarland University, Saarland Informatics Campus (E2.1), Saarbrücken, 66123, Germany.
IGF, Univ Montpellier, CNRS, INSERM, Montpellier 34094, France.; IGF, Univ Montpellier, CNRS, INSERM, Montpellier 34094, France.; Applied Mathematics Department, Lebanese University, Beirut 1003, Lebanon.; Applied Mathematics Department, Lebanese University, Beirut 1003, Lebanon.; IGF, Univ Montpellier, CNRS, INSERM, Montpellier 34094, France.; IGF, Univ Montpellier, CNRS, INSERM, Montpellier 34094, France.
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0359, USA.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0359, USA.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0359, USA.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0359, USA.
Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, I2O Disease Translational Area, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.; Roche Pharma Research and Early Development, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Roche Innovation Center Basel, Basel, Switzerland.
Lund University, Sweden.; Lund University, Sweden.; Lund University, Sweden.; Lund University, Sweden.; Lund University, Sweden.
Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; College of Future Technology, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; College of Future Technology, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; College of Future Technology, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; College of Future Technology, Peking University, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; College of Future Technology, Peking University, Beijing, China.; State Key Laboratory of Cardiovascular Disease, Fuwai Hospital, Beijing, China.; Laboratory of Bioinformatics and Genomic Medicine, Institute of Molecular Medicine, Peking University, Beijing, China.; College of Future Technology, Peking University, Beijing, China.
Department of Bioinformatics, Cyprus Institute of Neurology & Genetics, and the Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.; Department of Bioinformatics, Cyprus Institute of Neurology & Genetics, and professor at the Cyprus School of Molecular Medicine, Cyprus.
Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; The Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; The Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge, UK.; Department of Biochemistry, University of Cambridge, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Juvenescence, London, UK.; Mila, the Quebec AI Institute, Canada.; HEC Montreal, Canada.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Juvenescence, London, UK.; The Francis Crick Institute, London, UK.; Department of Biochemistry, University of Cambridge, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Department of Computing, Imperial College London, UK.; Twitter, UK.; Relation Therapeutics, London, UK.; Juvenescence, London, UK.
Instituto Carlos Chagas, Fundação Oswaldo Cruz, Paraná, Brazil.; Data Science, Elo7 Research Lab, São Paulo, Brazil.; Biochemistry Department, Universidade de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil.; Biochemistry Department, Universidade de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil.; Computer Science, Universidade de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil.
Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.; Centro de Biología Molecular Severo Ochoa (CBMSO) (CSIC-UAM), Madrid, Spain.
Dipartimento di Scienze Aziendali, Management & Innovation Systems, Università degli Studi di Salerno, Fisciano (SA), Italy.; Dipartimento di Chimica e Biologia "A. Zambelli", Università degli Studi di Salerno, Fisciano (SA), Italy.; Cell Biology and Biotherapy Unit, Istituto Nazionale Tumori - IRCCS - Fondazione G. Pascale, Naples, Italy.; Cell Biology and Biotherapy Unit, Istituto Nazionale Tumori -IRCCS - Fondazione G. Pascale, Naples, Italy.; R&D Department, Kelyon S.r.l., Naples, Italy.; Dipartimento di Medicina di Precisione, Università degli Studi della Campania "Luigi Vanvitelli", Naples, Italy.; Cell Biology and Biotherapy Unit, Istituto Nazionale Tumori - IRCCS - Fondazione G. Pascale, Naples, Italy.; Cell Biology and Biotherapy Unit, Istituto Nazionale Tumori - IRCCS - Fondazione G. Pascale, Naples, Italy.; Institute of Food Sciences, Italian National Research Council (CNR), Avellino, Italy.; Dipartimento di Scienze Aziendali, Management & Innovation Systems, Università degli Studi di Salerno, Fisciano (SA), Italy.
School of Medicine, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; School of Medicine and the Tsinghua-Peking Center for Life science, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; School of Medicine and the Tsinghua-Peking Center for Life science, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.; School of Medicine and the Tsinghua-Peking Center for Life science, Tsinghua University, Beijing, China.
Department of Interdisciplinary Informatics in the Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan.; Tulane University, USA.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics in the Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan.; Department of Bioscience and Bioinformatics in the Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan.
Section of Bioinformatics and Systems Cardiology, Klaus Tschira Institute for Integrative Computational Cardiology, Im Neuenheimer Feld 669, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Internal Medicine III (Cardiology, Angiology, and Pneumology), University Hospital Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 669, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.; DZHK (German Centre for Cardiovascular Research) Partner Site Heidelberg/Mannheim.; Cologne Center for Genomics (CCG), University of Cologne, Weyertal 115b, 50931, Kön, Germany.; Berlin Institute of Health at Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Core Facility Genomics, Charitéplatz 1, 10117 Berlin, Germany.; Max Delbrük Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association (MDC), Berlin, Germany.; Section of Bioinformatics and Systems Cardiology, Klaus Tschira Institute for Integrative Computational Cardiology, Im Neuenheimer Feld 669, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Internal Medicine III (Cardiology, Angiology, and Pneumology), University Hospital Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 669, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Intensive Care Medicine, University Hospital Aachen, Pauwelsstrasse 30, 52074, Aachen, Germany.; Section of Bioinformatics and Systems Cardiology, Klaus Tschira Institute for Integrative Computational Cardiology, Im Neuenheimer Feld 669, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.; Department of Internal Medicine III (Cardiology, Angiology, and Pneumology), University Hospital Heidelberg, Im Neuenheimer Feld 669, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.; DZHK (German Centre for Cardiovascular Research) Partner Site Heidelberg/Mannheim.
Department of Bioinformatics, The Basic Medical School of Chongqing Medical University, China.; Clinical Laboratory of Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, China.; Department of Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, China.; Molecular and Tumor Research Center, Chongqing Medical University, China.; Molecular and Tumor Research Center, Chongqing Medical University, China.; Molecular and Tumor Research Center, Chongqing Medical University, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Basic Medical School of Chongqing Medical University, China.; Phase 1 Clinical Trial Center of Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, China.; Molecular and Tumor Research Center, Chongqing Medical University, China.; Department of Bioinformatics, The Basic Medical School of Chongqing Medical University, China.
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN USA.; USDA-ARS, Corn Insects and Crop Genetics Research Unit, Ames, IA USA.; University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK Canada.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT USA.; USDA-ARS, National Animal Disease Center, Ames, IA, USA.; University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN USA.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT USA.; USDA-ARS, National Animal Disease Center, Ames, IA, USA.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT USA.; Bioversity International, Montpellier, France.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT USA.; USDA-ARS, National Animal Disease Center, Ames, IA, USA.; Washington State University, Pullman, WA USA.; USDA-ARS, National Animal Disease Center, Ames, IA, USA.; Washington State University, Pullman, WA USA.; USDA-ARS, National Agricultural Library, Beltsville, MD, USA.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT USA.; University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT USA.; University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN USA.; Washington State University, Pullman, WA USA.
Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM), Helsinki, Finland.; Biotech Research & Innovation Centre (BRIC) at the University of Copenhagen (UC), Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; University of Helsinki (UH), Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; Gynecologic oncology in Turku University Hospital, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Program in UH and in University of Turku (UTU), Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Programme in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Programme in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Programme in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Programme in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; ONCOSYS Research Programme in UH, Helsinki, Finland.; Biotech Research & Innovation Centre (BRIC), Helsinki, Finland.; FIMM and OCBE/OUH, Helsinki, Finland.
Arizona Cancer Evolution Center, Arizona State University, 1001 S. McAllister Ave., Tempe, AZ, 85287, USA.; Biodesign Center for Biocomputing, Security and Society, Arizona State University, 727 E. Tyler St., Tempe, AZ 85281 USA.; School of Life Sciences, Arizona State University, 427 East Tyler Mall, Tempe, AZ 85287, USA.; Arizona Cancer Evolution Center, Arizona State University, 1001 S. McAllister Ave., Tempe, AZ, 85287, USA.; Biodesign Center for Biocomputing, Security and Society, Arizona State University, 727 E. Tyler St., Tempe, AZ 85281 USA.; School of Life Sciences, Arizona State University, 427 East Tyler Mall, Tempe, AZ 85287, USA.; Arizona Cancer Evolution Center, Arizona State University, 1001 S. McAllister Ave., Tempe, AZ, 85287, USA.; Biodesign Center for Biocomputing, Security and Society, Arizona State University, 727 E. Tyler St., Tempe, AZ 85281 USA.; Department of Surgery, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Surgery, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Radiology, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Pathology, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Surgery, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Department of Surgery, Duke University, Durham, NC, USA.; Arizona Cancer Evolution Center, Arizona State University, 1001 S. McAllister Ave., Tempe, AZ, 85287, USA.; Biodesign Center for Biocomputing, Security and Society, Arizona State University, 727 E. Tyler St., Tempe, AZ 85281 USA.; School of Life Sciences, Arizona State University, 427 East Tyler Mall, Tempe, AZ 85287, USA.
College of Computer and Information Engineering, Tianjin Normal University, China.; College of Computer and Information Engineering, Tianjin Normal University, China.; College of Computer and Information Engineering, Tianjin Normal University, China.; College of Computer and Information Engineering, Tianjin Normal University, China.; Department of Biomedical Sciences at CMSRU, Rowan University, NJ 08028, USA.; Department of Molecular and Cellular Biosciences at Rowan University, Rowan University, NJ 08028, USA.
Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Finland.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Finland.; University of Manchester, UK.; Department of Computer Science, Aalto University, Espoo, Finland.; Helsinki Institute for Information Technology (HIIT), Finland.; Bioinformatics Center, Institute for Chemical Research, Kyoto University, Uji 6110011, Japan.
Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Institute of Genomic Medicine, Wenzhou Medical University, Beijing 100101, China.; Institute of Genomic Medicine, Wenzhou Medical University, Beijing 100101, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.; Department of Radiation Oncology, Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research (Ministry of Education) at Peking University Cancer Hospital and Institute, Beijing 100101, China.; Beijing Institutes of Life Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, CAS Center for Excellence in Biotic Interactions and State Key Laboratory of Integrated Management of Pest Insects and Rodents, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, 50 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore, 639798, Singapore.; Cancer Science Institute of Singapore, National University of Singapore, 14 Medical Dr, Singapore 117599, Singapore.; School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, 60 Nanyang Dr, Singapore 637551, Singapore.; School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University, 50 Nanyang Avenue, Singapore, 639798, Singapore.; Cancer Science Institute of Singapore, National University of Singapore, 14 Medical Dr, Singapore 117599, Singapore.; School of Biological Sciences, Nanyang Technological University, 637551, Singapore.; Institute of Molecular and Cell Biology, Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), 61 Biopolis Dr, Singapore 138673, Singapore.
Peking University Sixth Hospital/Institute of Mental Health, National Clinical Research Center for Mental Disorders (Peking University Sixth Hospital) & the Key Laboratory of Mental Health, Ministry of Health (Peking University), 100191, Beijing, China.; School of Software, Northwestern Polytechnical University, Xi'an, 710072, Shaanxi, China.; Peking University Sixth Hospital/Institute of Mental Health, National Clinical Research Center for Mental Disorders (Peking University Sixth Hospital) & the Key Laboratory of Mental Health, Ministry of Health (Peking University), 100191, Beijing, China.; Department of Computer Science, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong, China.; Peking University Sixth Hospital/Institute of Mental Health, National Clinical Research Center for Mental Disorders (Peking University Sixth Hospital) & the Key Laboratory of Mental Health, Ministry of Health (Peking University), 100191, Beijing, China.; Peking University Sixth Hospital/Institute of Mental Health, National Clinical Research Center for Mental Disorders (Peking University Sixth Hospital) & the Key Laboratory of Mental Health, Ministry of Health (Peking University), 100191, Beijing, China.
Ohio State University, New York, NY 10017 USA.; Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY 10017 USA.
Oslo Centre for Biostatistics and Epidemiology (OCBE), University of Oslo, Norway.; Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences (SICS), A*STAR, Singapore.; Department of Molecular Cell Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Montebello, Oslo 0379, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Cell Reprogramming, Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Molecular Cell Biology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Montebello, Oslo 0379, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Cell Reprogramming, Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Oslo, Norway.; Department of Biosciences, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, University of Oslo, PO Box 1066 Blindern, Oslo 0316, Norway.; Oslo Centre for Biostatistics and Epidemiology (OCBE), University of Oslo, Norway.
National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; Qujiang culture finance holding (Group) Co., Ltd, Xian, China.; National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.; National Genomics Data Center of Beijing Institute of Genomics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China.
Institute of Animal Husbandry, Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences.; Wuxi Fisheries College, Nanjing Agricultural University.; Wuxi Fisheries College, Nanjing Agricultural University.; Research Centre for Aquatic biotechnology, Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences.; Institute of Animal Husbandry, Heilongjiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences.
Department of Breast Surgery, Affiliated Quanzhou First Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, China.; Department of Breast Surgery, Affiliated Quanzhou First Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, China.; Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Quanzhou First Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, China.; Department of Breast Surgery, Affiliated Quanzhou First Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, China.; Department of Breast Surgery, Affiliated Quanzhou First Hospital of Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, China.
Department of Biology, Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO 63103, USA.; Program of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO 63103, USA.; Department of Biology, Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO 63103, USA.; Department of Biology, Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO 63103, USA.; Program of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO 63103, USA.; Department of Biology, Saint Louis University, St. Louis, MO 63103, USA.
Data Science in Biomedicine, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University of Marburg, Marburg 35039, Germany.; Data Science in Biomedicine, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University of Marburg, Marburg 35039, Germany.; Data Science in Biomedicine, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University of Marburg, Marburg 35039, Germany.
Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520-8103, USA.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester 14620 NY, USA.; Conception de protéines in silico, Université de Nantes, CNRS, UFIP, UMR 6286, Nantes, France.; Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of Rochester Medical Center, Rochester 14620 NY, USA.; Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, Yale University, New Haven, CT 06520-8103, USA.; Epigénétique et dynamique de la chromatine, Université de Nantes, CNRS, UFIP, UMR 6286, Nantes, France.; Epigénétique et dynamique de la chromatine, Université de Nantes, CNRS, UFIP, UMR 6286, Nantes, France.
Department of Paediatric and Adolescent Medicine, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, China.; Shenzhen Key Laboratory of Reproductive Immunology for Peri-implantation, Fertility Center, Shenzhen Zhongshan Urology Hospital, Shenzhen 518045, China.; Department of Paediatric and Adolescent Medicine, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, China. Electronic address: wwtu@hku.hk.
Laboratory of Functional Genomics, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary; University of Szeged, Ph.D. School in Biology, Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Immunology Unit, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Immunology Unit, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Immunology Unit, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Laboratory of Functional Genomics, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary.; Immunology Unit, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary. Electronic address: ando@brc.hu.; Laboratory of Functional Genomics, Institute of Genetics, Biological Research Centre, Szeged H-6726, Hungary; Department of Physiology, Anatomy and Neuroscience, Faculty of Science and Informatics, University of Szeged, Szeged H-6726, Hungary. Electronic address: szebeni.gabor@brc.hu.
State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China.; State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China.; National Clinical Center for Obstetrics and Gynecology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China.; State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China.; State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Innovation Academy for Seed Design, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China.; State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China.; State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China.; National Clinical Center for Obstetrics and Gynecology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing 100191, China. Electronic address: roseli001@sina.com.; State Key Laboratory of Molecular Developmental Biology, Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Innovation Academy for Seed Design, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China. Electronic address: qtu@genetics.ac.cn.; State Key Laboratory of Stem Cell and Reproductive Biology, Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China; Beijing Institute of Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine, Beijing 100101, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 101408, China. Electronic address: wangyl@ioz.ac.cn.
Department of Comparative Biology & Experimental Medicine, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada. Electronic address: sarthak.sinha1@ucalgary.ca.; Department of Pathology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21205, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD 21205, USA.; Department of Comparative Biology & Experimental Medicine, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada; Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada; Hotchkiss Brain Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada.; Department of Comparative Biology & Experimental Medicine, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada.; Arnie Charbonneau Cancer Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4Z6, Canada.; Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada; Arnie Charbonneau Cancer Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4Z6, Canada; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Cumming School of Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada.; Department of Comparative Biology & Experimental Medicine, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada; Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada; Hotchkiss Brain Institute, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB T2N 4N1, Canada. Electronic address: jeff.biernaskie@ucalgary.ca.
Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China; Shanghai Research Center for Brain Science and Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Shanghai 201210, China.; Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China. Electronic address: fangzhaoyuan@sibs.ac.cn.; Key Laboratory of Systems Biology, Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry and Cell Biology, Center for Excellence in Molecular Cell Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 200031, China; University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China; Shanghai Research Center for Brain Science and Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Shanghai 201210, China; CAS Center for Excellence in Animal Evolution and Genetics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming 650223, China; Hangzhou Institute for Advanced Study, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hangzhou 310024, China. Electronic address: lnchen@sibs.ac.cn.
BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI Education Center, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; School of Future Technology, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, 101408, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; Complete Genomics Inc, 2904 Orchard Pkwy, San Jose, California, 95134, USA.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; MGI, BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; State Key Laboratory of Agricultural Genomics, BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; National Institutes for food and drug Control (NIFDC), No.2 Tiantan Xili, Dongcheng District, Beijing, 10050, China.; BGI-QingDao, Qingdao, 266555, China.; BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.; State Key Laboratory of Agricultural Genomics, BGI-Shenzhen, Shenzhen, 518083, China.
Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Applied Medical Science, October 6 University, 6th of October City, Egypt.; Consultant in hest chronic diseases, Shobra Health Insurance Hospital, Shobra, Egypt.; Department of Radiology and Medical Imaging, Faculty of Applied Medical Science, October 6 University, 6th of October City, Egypt.; Chemistry Department, Faculty of Science (Female Section), Jazan University, Jazan, Saudi Arabia.; October 6 University, 6th of October City, Egypt.; Faculty of Pharmacy, Department of Pharmacology, Toxicology, and Biochemistry, Future University, New Cairo, Egypt.
Biotechnology & Genetic Engineering Discipline, Khulna University, Khulna, Bangladesh.; Statistics Discipline, Khulna University, Khulna, Bangladesh.
Center for Public Health Genomics, University of Virginia, VA,22908, USA.; Center for Personal Dynamic Regulomes, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94304, USA.; Center for Personal Dynamic Regulomes, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94304, USA.; Genomics and Computational Biology Graduate Group, University of Pennsylvania, PA 19087, USA.; Center for Personal Dynamic Regulomes, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94304, USA.; Center for Public Health Genomics, University of Virginia, VA,22908, USA.
Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.; Cancer Genomics and BioComputing of Complex Diseases Lab, Azrieli Faculty of Medicine, Bar-Ilan University, Safed 1311502, Israel.
iMolecule, Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology, Moscow, 121205, Russia.; iMolecule, Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology, Moscow, 121205, Russia.
Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.; Canada's Michael Smith Genome Sciences Centre, BC Cancer, Vancouver, BC V5Z 4S6, Canada.
Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, Am Klinikum 1, 07747 Jena, Germany.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria.; Department of Evolutionary Developmental Genetics, GZMB, University of Göttingen, Justus-von-Liebig-Weg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Department of Life Sciences, Imperial College London, London SW7 2AZ, UK.; Covenant University Bioinformatics Research (CUBRe), Covenant University, Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria.; Department of Computer & Information Sciences, Covenant University, Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria.; Department of Evolutionary Developmental Genetics, GZMB, University of Göttingen, Justus-von-Liebig-Weg 11, 37077 Göttingen, Germany.; Integrated Research and Treatment Center, Center for Sepsis Control and Care (CSCC), Jena University Hospital, Am Klinikum 1, 07747 Jena, Germany.
Central Laboratory, Affiliated Haikou Hospital of Xiangya Medical College, Central South University, Haikou, Hainan, China.; Central Laboratory, Affiliated Haikou Hospital of Xiangya Medical College, Central South University, Haikou, Hainan, China.; School of Life Sciences, Hainan University, Haikou, Hainan, China.
Department of Trauma-Emergency and Critical Care Medicine, Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Trauma-Emergency and Critical Care Medicine, Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Trauma-Emergency and Critical Care Medicine, Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Trauma-Emergency and Critical Care Medicine, Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.; Department of Trauma-Emergency and Critical Care Medicine, Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.
Arkansas Children's Nutrition Center, Department of Pediatrics, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, USA.; Jerzy Haber Institute of Catalysis and Surface Chemistry, Polish Academy of Sciences, Krakow, Poland.; Department of Biology, University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA.; Arkansas Children's Nutrition Center, Department of Pediatrics, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, USA.
Microbiota-Host Interactions and Clostridia Research Group, Facultad de Ciencias de la Vida, Universidad Andrés Bello, Santiago, Chile.; ANID, Millennium Science Initiative Program, Millennium Nucleus in the Biology of the Intestinal Microbiota, Santiago, Chile.; ANID, Millennium Science Initiative Program, Millennium Nucleus in the Biology of the Intestinal Microbiota, Santiago, Chile.; Centro de Investigaciones en Microbiología y Biotecnología-UR (CIMBIUR), Facultad de Ciencias Naturales, Universidad del Rosario, Bogotá, Colombia.; Facultad de Microbiología and Centro de Investigación en Enfermedades Tropicales (CIET), Universidad de Costa Rica, San José, Costa Rica.; ANID, Millennium Science Initiative Program, Millennium Nucleus in the Biology of the Intestinal Microbiota, Santiago, Chile.; Department of Biology, Texas A&M University, College Station, TX, USA.
Divisions of Human Genetics and Immunobiology, Center for Circadian Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, 240 Albert Sabin Way, Cincinnati, OH, 45229.; Divisions of Human Genetics and Immunobiology, Center for Circadian Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, 240 Albert Sabin Way, Cincinnati, OH, 45229.; Divisions of Human Genetics and Immunobiology, Center for Circadian Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, 240 Albert Sabin Way, Cincinnati, OH, 45229.; Divisions of Human Genetics and Immunobiology, Center for Circadian Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, 240 Albert Sabin Way, Cincinnati, OH, 45229.
Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, 38124 Braunschweig, Germany.; Braunschweig Integrated Center of Systems Biology (BRICS), Technische Universität Braunschweig, Rebenring 56, 38106 Braunschweig.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, 38124 Braunschweig, Germany.; Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA.; Molecular Cell Biomechanics Laboratory, Departments of Bioengineering and Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 94720, USA.; Molecular Biophysics and Integrated Bioimaging, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720, USA.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, 38124 Braunschweig, Germany.; Computational Biology of Infection Research, Helmholtz Center for Infection Research, 38124 Braunschweig, Germany.; Braunschweig Integrated Center of Systems Biology (BRICS), Technische Universität Braunschweig, Rebenring 56, 38106 Braunschweig.
Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Tumor Biology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Cancer Epidemiology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Integrated Mathematical Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Genitourinary Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Cutaneous Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Cancer Epidemiology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Cancer Epidemiology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.; Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, USA.
Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, 85764, Germany.; Center for Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, 85748, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, 85764, Germany.; Institute of Computational Biology, Helmholtz Zentrum München-German Research Center for Environmental Health, Neuherberg, 85764, Germany.; Center for Mathematics, Technische Universität München, Garching, 85748, Germany.; Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, University of Bonn, Bonn, 53113, Germany.
Computer Science Department, Technion-Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel.; Arazi School of Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Center, Herzliya, Israel.; Computer Science Department, Technion-Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel.; Arazi School of Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Center, Herzliya, Israel.
Anaxomics Biotech SL, Barcelona, 08008, Spain.; Institute of Biotechnology and Biomedicine, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193, Spain.; Institute of Biotechnology and Biomedicine, Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona, 08193, Spain.; Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies (ICREA), Barcelona, 08010, Spain.; Biomedical Research Networking Center in Bioengineering, Biomaterials and Nanomedicine (CIBER-BBN), Spain.
Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Hamon Center for Therapeutic Oncology Research, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Pharmacology, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Internal Medicine, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.
Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Hamon Center for Therapeutic Oncology Research, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Pharmacology, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Internal Medicine, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Howard Hughes Medical Institute, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Quantitative Biomedical Research Center, Department of Population and Data Sciences, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Children's Research Institute, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.; Department of Bioinformatics, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX 75390, USA.
Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Division, Yenepoya Research Center, Yenepoya University, Mangaluru, Karnataka, India.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK, USA.; Mass Spectrometry, Proteomics and Metabolomics Core Facility, Stephenson Life Sciences Research Center, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Informatics Institute, and Christopher S. Bond Life Sciences Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Informatics Institute, and Christopher S. Bond Life Sciences Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA.; Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK, USA.; Department of Biology, University of Oklahoma, Norman, OK, USA.; Department of Biological Sciences, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Informatics Institute, and Christopher S. Bond Life Sciences Center, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.
Life Sciences Department, Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Barcelona 08034, Spain.; Tecnun School of Engineering, University of Navarra, San Sebastián 20018, Spain.; Life Sciences Department, Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC), Barcelona 08034, Spain.; ICREA, Barcelona 08010, Spain.; Tecnun School of Engineering, University of Navarra, San Sebastián 20018, Spain.
Department of Human Genetics, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112, USA.; Utah Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112.; Department of Human Genetics, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112, USA.; Utah Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112.; Department of Genome Sciences, University of Washington, Seattle, WA, 98195.; Department of Human Genetics, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112, USA.; Utah Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112.; Department of Human Genetics, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112, USA.; Utah Center for Genetic Discovery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, 84112.
Computational and Molecular Population Genetics Lab, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, 3012 Bern, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Computational and Molecular Population Genetics Lab, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, 3012 Bern, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Life Science Division, Natural History Museum Basel, 4051 Basel, Switzerland.; Aquatic Ecology and Evolution, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, 3012 Bern, Switzerland.; Department of Fish Ecology and Evolution, EAWAG swiss Federal institute of Aquatic Science and Technology, Center for Ecology, Evolution and Biogeochemistry, 6047 Kastanienbaum, Switzerland.; Computational and Molecular Population Genetics Lab, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, 3012 Bern, Switzerland.; Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland.; Computational and Molecular Population Genetics Lab, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, 3012 Bern, Switzerland.; Gouy Data Consulting, 1026 Denges, Switzerland.; Computational and Molecular Population Genetics Lab, Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of Bern, 3012 Bern, Switzerland.; cE3c - Centre for Ecology, Evolution and Environmental Changes, Faculdade de Ciências da Universidade de Lisboa, University of Lisbon, Campo Grande, 1749-016, Lisbon, Portugal.
School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; Institute of Science and Technology for Brain-Inspired Intelligence, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; MOE Key Laboratory of Computational Neuroscience and Brain-Inspired Intelligence and Frontiers Center for Brain Science, China.; Research Institute of Intelligent Complex Systems, Fudan University, Shanghai 200433, China.; School of Information Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.; Centers for Biomedical Engineering, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei AH230027, China.
CMPG, KU Leuven, Heverlee, 3001, Belgium.; MeBios, KU Leuven, Heverlee, 3001, Belgium.; MeBios, KU Leuven, Heverlee, 3001, Belgium.; CMPG, KU Leuven, Heverlee, 3001, Belgium.; CMPG, KU Leuven, Heverlee, 3001, Belgium.
School of Computer Science and Engineering, University of New South Wales, Sydney, 2052, Australia.; School of Computer Science and Engineering, University of New South Wales, Sydney, 2052, Australia.
Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.; Department of Biomaterials, Saveetha Dental College and Hospitals, Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences, Saveetha University, Chennai, India.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.; Department of Applied Chemistry, School of Applied Natural Science, Adama Science and Technology University, Adama, Ethiopia.
Department of Pharmacology, University Medical Center, 55131 Mainz, Germany.; Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, 55128 Mainz, Germany.; Clinical Lipidomics Unit, Institute of Physiological Chemistry, University Medical Center, 55131 Mainz, Germany.; Center for Thrombosis and Hemostasis (CTH), University Medical Center, 55131 Mainz, Germany.; Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, 55128 Mainz, Germany.; Faculty of Biology, Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, 55128 Mainz, Germany.
Department of Genome Regulation, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Genome Regulation, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Mathematics and Informatics, Freie Universität, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Genome Regulation, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Biology, Chemistry and Pharmacy, Freie Universität, Berlin, Germany.; Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, US.; Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, Cambridge, MA, USA.; Department of Genome Regulation, Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin, Germany.
Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, 23955-6900, Makkah, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, 23955-6900, Makkah, Saudi Arabia.; Computational Bioscience Research Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST), Thuwal, 23955-6900, Makkah, Saudi Arabia.
Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.; Delft Bioinformatics Lab, Delft University of Technology, Delft 2628 XE, The Netherlands.
K. G. Jebsen Center for Genome-Directed Cancer Therapy, Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; K. G. Jebsen Center for Genome-Directed Cancer Therapy, Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Oncology, Haukeland University Hospital, Bergen, Norway.; K. G. Jebsen Center for Genome-Directed Cancer Therapy, Department of Clinical Science, University of Bergen, Bergen, Norway.; Department of Oncology, Haukeland University Hospital, Bergen, Norway.
Division of Automatic Control, Department of Electrical Engineering, Linköping University, SE-58183 Linköping, Sweden.; Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, SE-58183 Linköping, Sweden.; Bioinformatics, Department of Physics, Chemistry and Biology, Linköping University, SE-58183 Linköping, Sweden.; Division of Automatic Control, Department of Electrical Engineering, Linköping University, SE-58183 Linköping, Sweden.
Key laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, 130012, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Changchun University, Changchun, 130022, China.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, 68588, USA.; Key laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, 130012, China.; Key laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, 130012, China.; School of Artificial Intelligence, Jilin University, Changchun, 130012, China.; Key laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, 130012, China.; College of Computer Science and Technology, Changchun University, Changchun, 130022, China.; Key laboratory of Symbol Computation and Knowledge Engineering of Ministry of Education, College of Computer Science and Technology, Jilin University, Changchun, 130012, China.; Department of Biomedical Informatics, College of Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, 43210, USA.; Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Lincoln, NE, 68588, USA.
SynthSys, School of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK.; The Alan Turing Institute, London NW1 2DB, UK.; SynthSys, School of Biological Sciences, University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh EH9 3JD, UK.
LSC, NCMIS, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.; LSC, NCMIS, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; Department of Control Science and Engineering, Tongji University, Shanghai 200092, China.; LSC, NCMIS, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China.
CINBIO, University of Vigo, 36310 Vigo, Spain.; Department of Biochemistry, Genetics and Immunology, University of Vigo, 36310 Vigo, Spain.; Galicia Sur Health Research Institute (IIS Galicia Sur), 36310 Vigo, Spain.
Multiscale Research Institute of Complex Systems Fudan University, Shanghai, 200433, China.; Zhangjiang Fudan International Innovation Center, Fudan University, Shanghai, 201210, China.; Shanghai AI Laboratory, Shanghai, 200030, China.; Verna and Marrs Mclean Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas, 77030, USA.; Multiscale Research Institute of Complex Systems Fudan University, Shanghai, 200433, China.; Zhangjiang Fudan International Innovation Center, Fudan University, Shanghai, 201210, China.; Shanghai AI Laboratory, Shanghai, 200030, China.; Verna and Marrs Mclean Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas, 77030, USA.
Department of Mathematics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Pediatrics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Mathematics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, 48109, USA.; Department of Mathematical Sciences, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Daejeon, 34141, Republic of Korea.; Biomedical Mathematics Group, Institute for Basic Science, Daejeon, 34126, Republic of Korea.
Department of Biology, University of Padova, Italy.; Department of Biology, University of Padova, Italy.; Department of Statistical Sciences, University of Padova, Italy.; Department of Biology, University of Padova, Italy.
PhD program in Computer Science, Graduate Center, City University of New York, New York City, 10016, USA.; PhD program in Computer Science, Graduate Center, City University of New York, New York City, 10016, USA.; Department of Computer Science, Hunter College, City University of New York, New York City, 10065, USA.; Feil Family Brain & Mind Research Institute, Weill Cornell Medicine, Cornell University, New York, 10021, USA.
Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Université Libre de Bruxelles, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Université Libre de Bruxelles, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Structural Biology Brussels, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Université Libre de Bruxelles, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.; Interuniversity Institute of Bioinformatics in Brussels, 1050 Brussels, Belgium.
Cellular and Molecular Biotechnology Research Institute, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, 135-0064, Japan.; Computational Bio Big-Data Open Innovation Laboratory (CBBD-OIL), AIST, Waseda University, Tokyo, 169-0072, Japan.; Mitsui Knowledge Industry Co., Ltd, Tokyo, 135-0064, Japan.; Mitsui Knowledge Industry Co., Ltd, Tokyo, 135-0064, Japan.; Cellular and Molecular Biotechnology Research Institute, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tokyo, 135-0064, Japan.; Division of Biomedical Science, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tsukuba, Ibaraki, 305-8575, Japan.; Transborder Medical Research Center, Faculty of Medicine, University of Tsukuba, Ibaraki, 305-8575, Japan.
Cardiovascular Regenerative Medicine (CAVAREM), Department of Pathology and Medical Biology, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Hanzeplein 1 (EA11), 9713 GZ Groningen, The Netherlands.; 5th Medical Department, Section of Endocrinology, Medical Faculty Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, 68167 Mannheim, Germany.; Cardiovascular Regenerative Medicine (CAVAREM), Department of Pathology and Medical Biology, University Medical Center Groningen, University of Groningen, Hanzeplein 1 (EA11), 9713 GZ Groningen, The Netherlands.
ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.; ProCan®, Children's Medical Research Institute, Faculty of Medicine and Health, The University of Sydney, Westmead, NSW 2145, Australia.
Department of Electrical Electronic Engineering and Automation, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, IISPV, Tarragona, 43007, Spain.; Metabolomics Interdisciplinary Group, Department of Nutrition and Metabolism, Institut d'Investigació Sanitària Pere Virgili, Reus Catalonia, 43201, Spain.; Biomedical Research Centre in Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Disorders (CIBERDEM), ISCIII, Madrid, 28029, Spain.; Department of Biostatistics, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Reus, Catalonia, 43201, Spain.; Oncology Department, Hospital Universitari Sant Joan de Reus. Institut d'Investigació Sanitària Pere Virgili, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Reus, 43204, Spain.; Department of Electrical Electronic Engineering and Automation, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, IISPV, Tarragona, 43007, Spain.; Metabolomics Interdisciplinary Group, Department of Nutrition and Metabolism, Institut d'Investigació Sanitària Pere Virgili, Reus Catalonia, 43201, Spain.; Biomedical Research Centre in Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Disorders (CIBERDEM), ISCIII, Madrid, 28029, Spain.; Department of Electrical Electronic Engineering and Automation, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, IISPV, Tarragona, 43007, Spain.; Metabolomics Interdisciplinary Group, Department of Nutrition and Metabolism, Institut d'Investigació Sanitària Pere Virgili, Reus Catalonia, 43201, Spain.; Biomedical Research Centre in Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Disorders (CIBERDEM), ISCIII, Madrid, 28029, Spain.; NIH West Coast Metabolomics Center, University of California Davis, Davis, 95616, United States.
Institute of Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Biology, Biological and Chemical Research Centre, University of Warsaw, ul. Żwirki i Wigury 101, Warszawa, 02-089, Poland.; Institute of Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Biology, Biological and Chemical Research Centre, University of Warsaw, ul. Żwirki i Wigury 101, Warszawa, 02-089, Poland.; Institute of Evolutionary Biology, Faculty of Biology, Biological and Chemical Research Centre, University of Warsaw, ul. Żwirki i Wigury 101, Warszawa, 02-089, Poland.
Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94304, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94304, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94304, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94304, USA.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94304, USA.; Interdisciplinary Research Center on Biology and Chemistry, Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai, 200032, China.; Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA, 94304, USA.
Department of Data Science in Biomedicine, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University of Marburg, Marburg, 35032, Germany.; Institute of Medical Microbiology, Justus Liebig University Giessen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; German Center for Infection Research, Partner site Giessen-Marburg-Langen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Institute of Medical Microbiology, Justus Liebig University Giessen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; German Center for Infection Research, Partner site Giessen-Marburg-Langen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; German Center for Infection Research, Partner site Giessen-Marburg-Langen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Institute of Hygiene and Environmental Medicine, Justus Liebig University Giessen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Hessisches universitäres Kompetenzzentrum Krankenhaushygiene, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Institute of Medical Microbiology, Justus Liebig University Giessen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; German Center for Infection Research, Partner site Giessen-Marburg-Langen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; German Center for Infection Research, Partner site Giessen-Marburg-Langen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Justus Liebig University Giessen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Department of Data Science in Biomedicine, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University of Marburg, Marburg, 35032, Germany.; German Center for Infection Research, Partner site Giessen-Marburg-Langen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Department of Bioinformatics and Systems Biology, Justus Liebig University Giessen, Giessen, 35392, Germany.; Department of Data Science in Biomedicine, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Philipps-University of Marburg, Marburg, 35032, Germany.
Department of Biology & Applied Physics, GE Research, Niskayuna, NY, 12309, USA.; Department of Biology & Applied Physics, GE Research, Niskayuna, NY, 12309, USA.; Department of Biology & Applied Physics, GE Research, Niskayuna, NY, 12309, USA.; Department of Biology & Applied Physics, GE Research, Niskayuna, NY, 12309, USA.; Department of Biology & Applied Physics, GE Research, Niskayuna, NY, 12309, USA.; Department of Physiology and Medical Physics.; Centre of Systems Medicine; Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland University of Medicine and Health Sciences, 123 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, Ireland.; Department of Physiology and Medical Physics.; Centre of Systems Medicine; Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland University of Medicine and Health Sciences, 123 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, Ireland.; Centre for Cancer Research & Cell Biology, Queen's University Belfast, 97 Lisburn Road, Belfast, BT9 7AE, Northern Ireland, UK.; Centre for Cancer Research & Cell Biology, Queen's University Belfast, 97 Lisburn Road, Belfast, BT9 7AE, Northern Ireland, UK.; Centre for Cancer Research & Cell Biology, Queen's University Belfast, 97 Lisburn Road, Belfast, BT9 7AE, Northern Ireland, UK.; Centre de Recherche des Cordeliers, INSERM, CNRS, Université de Paris, Sorbonne Université, USPC, Equipe labellisée Ligue Nationale Contre le Cancer, Paris, France.; Centre for Cancer Research & Cell Biology, Queen's University Belfast, 97 Lisburn Road, Belfast, BT9 7AE, Northern Ireland, UK.; Department of Physiology and Medical Physics.; Centre of Systems Medicine; Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland University of Medicine and Health Sciences, 123 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, Ireland.; Department of Biology & Applied Physics, GE Research, Niskayuna, NY, 12309, USA.
State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China.; State Key Laboratory for Turbulence and Complex Systems, Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Engineering and Center for Quantitative Biology, Peking University, Beijing, 100871, China.
Department of General Medicine, Basaveshwara Medical College, Chitradurga, India.; Department of Biochemistry, Basaveshwar College of Pharmacy, Gadag, India.; Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Chanabasava Nilaya, Dharwad, India.; Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Chanabasava Nilaya, Dharwad, India.
Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Institute of Molecular Medicine Angelo Nocivelli, University of Brescia and Children's Hospital, ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia, Italy.; Unit of Biostatistics and Biomathematics & Unit of Bioinformatics, Department of Molecular and Translational Medicine, University of Brescia, Brescia, Italy.; Department of Genetic and Biochemistry, Genetic Research Unit, Peleforo Gon Coulibaly University of Korhogo, Korhogo, Ivory Coast.; Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Institute of Molecular Medicine Angelo Nocivelli, University of Brescia and Children's Hospital, ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia, Italy.; Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Institute of Molecular Medicine Angelo Nocivelli, University of Brescia and Children's Hospital, ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia, Italy.; Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Institute of Molecular Medicine Angelo Nocivelli, University of Brescia and Children's Hospital, ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia, Italy.; IRCCS Materno Infantile Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; Pediatric Hospital Giannina Gaslini, Genoa, Italy.; IRCCS Materno Infantile Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia, Italy.; Pediatric Gastroenterology Unit, Maggiore Hospital, Bologna, Italy.; Unit of Biostatistics and Biomathematics & Unit of Bioinformatics, Department of Molecular and Translational Medicine, University of Brescia, Brescia, Italy.; IRCCS Materno Infantile Burlo Garofolo, Trieste, Italy.; Department of Clinical and Experimental Sciences, Institute of Molecular Medicine Angelo Nocivelli, University of Brescia and Children's Hospital, ASST Spedali Civili, Brescia, Italy.
Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.; Immunology and Biodiversity Laboratory, Faculty of Sciences Aïn Chock, Hassan II University of Casablanca, Casablanca, Morocco.
Center for Computational Biology and Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 66047, USA.; Center for Computational Biology and Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 66047, USA.; Center for Computational Biology and Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 66047, USA.; Center for Computational Biology and Department of Molecular Biosciences, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 66047, USA.
Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Japan.; National Centre for Text Mining, University of Manchester, United Kingdom.; Artificial Intelligence Research Center (AIRC), National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Japan.; Toyota Technological Institute, Japan.; National Centre for Text Mining, University of Manchester, United Kingdom.
IAM, MADIS, NCMIS, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Beijing 100190.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Beijing 100049.; IAM, MADIS, NCMIS, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Beijing 100190.; School of Mathematical Sciences, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China Beijing 100049.
Computer Vision Institute, College of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Shen zhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.; AI Research Center for Medical Image Analysis and Diagnosis, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.; Guangdong Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.; Computer Vision Institute, College of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Shen zhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.; AI Research Center for Medical Image Analysis and Diagnosis, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.; Guangdong Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen 518060, China.
Department of Biology, Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA, USA.; Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Florida Atlantic University, Boca Raton, FL, USA.

Department of Biosciences, University of Oslo, Norway.; Department of Informatics, University of Oslo, Norway.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Department of Molecular Medicine, University of Oslo, Norway.; PharmaTox Strategic Research Initiative, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, University of Oslo, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Cell Reprogramming, Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Norway.; Urology Research Laboratory, Department for BioMedical Research DBMR, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Department of Molecular Medicine, University of Oslo, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Cell Reprogramming, Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Norway.; Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Department of Molecular Medicine, University of Oslo, Norway.; PharmaTox Strategic Research Initiative, Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, University of Oslo, Norway.; Centre for Cancer Cell Reprogramming, Institute of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, Norway.
Department of Biostatistics, Department of Pathology, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, 23298, USA.; Bioinformatics program, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, 23298, USA.; Department of Biostatistics, Department of Pathology, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, 23298, USA.
Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; Department of Proteomics and Signal Transduction, Max Planck Institute of Biochemistry, Martinsried, Germany.; NNF Center for Protein Research, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark.
